core = water_splash_bicycle_trail_mist, ped_underwater_disturb_sand_bub, fire_script_petrol_trail_flames, fire_script_petrol_trail_smoke,
water_splash_bicycle_trail_bub, water_splash_bicycle_in_splash, scrape_underwater_disturb_sand, fire_script_petrol_trail_light, water_splash_bicycle_in_spray,
ped_foot_chickenfarm_feathers, ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris_s, water_splash_bicycle_out_mist, water_splash_plane_trail_mist, exp_extinguisher_ground_smoke,
wheel_decal_water_spray2_deep, fire_script_petrol_trail_glow, wheel_fric_grass_blades2_bike, water_splash_plane_out_splash, wheel_decal_water_spray_deep,
water_splash_bike_trail_mist, water_splash_plane_in_splash, wheel_fric_grass_blades_bike, water_splash_bike_out_splash, water_splash_plane_trail_bub, 
bul_gravel_heli, ent_dst_concrete_large, bul_wood_splinter, fire_wrecked_plane_cockpit, wheel_fric_water, proj_flare_trail, exp_grd_grenade_lod, 
ent_amb_fbi_cinder, muz_smoking_barrel_minigun, ent_dst_gen_gobstop, ent_dst_inflate_ball, water_splash_ped_wade, exp_grd_plane_post, ent_ray_paleto_gas_flames, 
eject_stungun, ent_amb_wind_grass_dir, ent_amb_steam_pipe_lgt, ped_underwater_disturb_dirt, water_boat_wash, water_splash_obj_in, blood_stab, ent_brk_metal_frag, 
bul_water_heli, ent_sht_oil, bul_decal_water_heli, ent_sht_water_tower, env_snow_flakes, bul_hay, trail_splash_oil, bul_sand_loose_heli, ent_sht_beer_barrel, 
veh_sub_crush, ent_anim_paparazzi_flash, veh_vent_heli_anh, exp_grd_petrol_pump, ent_ray_meth_fires, veh_exhaust_hidden, exp_air_molotov, ent_anim_snot_blow, 
mel_carmetal, bul_concrete, ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth_car, exp_air_rpg_lod, veh_trailer_petrol_spray, env_smoke_fbi, water_splash_vehicle, blood_shark_attack, 
ent_dst_wood_chunky, td_blood_shotgun, exp_grd_grenade_smoke, ent_dst_elec_fire_sp, ped_foot_decal_oil, fire_wrecked_train, exp_hydrant, ent_amb_wind_leaves, 
ent_amb_wind_litter_swirl, wheel_fric_hard_dusty_Bike, ent_amb_tap_drip, exp_air_grenade_lod, water_splash_sub_wade, ped_foot_decal_mud, water_splash_plane_in, 
ent_amb_trev1_trailer_sp_s, td_blood_throat, blood_melee_punch, wheel_fric_sandWet_Bike, ent_dst_polystyrene, exp_air_molotov_lod, blood_exit, eject_minigun, 
wheel_fric_grass, fire_wheel_bike, fire_petroltank_car, ent_amb_water_splash_wide, veh_backfire, weap_hvy_turbulance_water, ent_amb_leaves_pine, 
ent_amb_fountain_double, ent_amb_exhaust_thin, ent_dst_inflate_ring, eject_auto, bang_concrete, ent_amb_wind_leaves_dir, ent_amb_rapid_dir_splash_wide, 
fire_petroltank_car_bullet, muz_pistol_silencer, ent_sht_gloopy_liquid, ent_sht_petrol, ent_ray_ch2_farm_resi_dble, blood_chopper, ent_amb_elec_crackle, 
ent_dst_gen_paper, ent_ray_train_water_wash, ent_sht_flame, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse, exp_grd_plane_sp, veh_vent_rc, veh_vent_heli_skylift, 
ent_amb_fbi_smoulder_lg, ent_amb_fbi_fire_beam, ent_sht_bush_foliage, ped_foot_woodchips, ent_dst_sweet_boxes, ped_foot_sand_deep, ped_foot_gravel, 
ent_dst_cig_packets, ent_amb_wind_litter_dust_dir, ent_dst_wood_splinter, bul_gravel, ent_brk_concrete, ent_sht_steam, ent_amb_steam_prison, 
water_splash_plane_trail, ent_amb_water_drips_spawned, veh_exhaust_heli_misfire, wheel_fric_sand_LOD, exp_air_rpg_plane, water_jetski_bow1, proj_missile_trail, 
fire_petroltank_heli, exp_grd_plane, ent_amb_water_drips_lg, ent_amb_smoke_gaswork, proj_flare_fuse_fp, ent_amb_smoke_chicken, water_jetski_entry2, bang_mud, 
exp_air_rpg_plane_sp, water_boat_entry, fire_petrol_one, ent_amb_cold_air_floor, ent_col_tree_oranges, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_land_lt, ent_anim_cig_smoke, 
ent_amb_fbi_fire_door, fire_petroltank_truck, veh_vent_heli_frogger, ent_amb_wind_litter_dir, bul_stungun_metal, veh_respray_smoke, ent_amb_foundry_molten_pour, 
blood_stab_uw, veh_downwash, ent_brk_sparking_wires, veh_panel_open_car, ent_amb_fountain_rodeo, wheel_spin_gravel, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_linger_hvy, 
ent_amb_torch_fire, ent_anim_leaf_blower, ent_ray_shipwreck_oil, sp_petrolcan_splash, ped_parachute_open, ent_amb_trop_fish_swarm_angel, ent_anim_street_sweep, 
wheel_fric_grass_bike, water_boat_rev, ent_ray_shipwreck_bubbles, bang_wood, proj_tank_trail, bul_glass, water_splash_bike_wade, ent_amb_wind_hay, glass_smash, 
ent_amb_tnl_bubbles_sml, ent_amb_sprinkler_crop, fire_wrecked_tank, ent_ray_pro1_water_drip, lens_bug_dirt, liquid_splash_oil, ent_amb_smoke_scrap, 
blood_animal_maul, bang_blood, ent_amb_water_roof_drips_thin, ent_ray_ch2_farm_fire_u_l, ent_amb_wind_litter_dust, ent_brk_gate_smoke, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_door_med,
veh_prop_sub, bul_mud_heli, bul_cardboard, bul_carmetal_heli, ped_foot_dirt_dry, fire_petroltank_plane, ent_col_rocks, muz_assault_rifle, water_splash_veh_out, 
weap_veh_turbulance_sand, ent_amb_wind_rand_litter, ent_dst_gen_water_spray, ent_amb_butterflys_swarm, ent_amb_steam_vent_open_lgt, veh_vent_heli_cargobob, 
veh_light_red, water_boat_bow, env_interior_dusty, ent_amb_rapid_area_spray_hvy, bul_decal_oil, trail_splash_blood, ent_amb_jazuzzi, ped_underwater_disturb_sand, 
ent_dst_gen_food, water_boat_prop, ent_anim_dusty_hands, exp_grd_tankshell_lod, ent_amb_foundry_fogball, bul_glass_mini, veh_exhaust_heli_skylift, 
veh_panel_shut_car, fire_wrecked_heli_cockpit, ent_amb_fbi_fire_drip, bul_plastic, bul_dirt_heli, ent_amb_beach_campfire, water_splash_obj_trail, 
exp_grd_sticky_sp, veh_panel_shut_truck, ent_ray_finale_vault_haze, ent_amb_trop_fish_swarm_col, bullet_tracer_railgun, ped_blood_pool_water, 
weap_hvy_turbulance_dirt, fire_wrecked_car, veh_plane_eject, ent_ray_prologue_elec_crackle, exp_grd_petrol_pump_sp, ent_amb_tnl_bubbles_lge, td_blood_stab, 
exp_sht_flame, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_water, veh_exhaust_heli, muz_stungun, ent_ray_fam3_dust_motes, wheel_fric_sandWet_Tank, wheel_decal_slush, ent_amb_steam, 
ent_amb_rapid_rock_drips, env_wind_debris_countryside, blood_armour_heavy, water_splash_ped_out, ent_dst_rubbish, ent_amb_fbi_falling_debris_sp, muz_hunter, 
veh_exhaust_plane_start, muz_buzzard, veh_air_turbulance_dirt, wheel_decal_water_Bike_Deep, ent_dst_glass_bottles, fire_petrol_two, wheel_spin_mud, env_cloud, 
exp_grd_boat_lod, bul_glass_shotgun, water_jetski_prop, env_dust_motes_int_recycle, ent_amb_sewer_drips_lg, ent_amb_smoke_foundry, env_dust_devil_urban_sma, 
bul_rubber_dust, exp_grd_plane_lod, ent_brk_wood_splinter, lens_rain, veh_downwash_sand, wheel_decal_petrol_Bike, ent_amb_falling_palm_leaves, lens_noir, 
exp_grd_boat_sp, ent_ray_finale1_fire, scrape_plastic, ent_anim_welder, water_splash_bike_out, veh_exhaust_spacecraft, veh_exhaust_heli_cargobob_misfire, 
ent_brk_steam_burst, env_gunsmoke, veh_prop_submersible, exp_extinguisher, water_boat_entry2, veh_exhaust_plane, water_boat_Tropic_bow, water_splash_ped_in, 
bul_leaves, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_fogball, liquid_splash_blood, weap_veh_turbulance_default, lens_smoke, env_wind_debris, lens_blaze, exp_air_blimp2_sp, 
env_dust_devil_urban_lrg, exp_water, ent_ray_finale_vault_sparks, weap_hvy_turbulance_default, ent_amb_steam_pipe_hvy, bul_mud, ent_amb_fire_ring, 
ent_ray_pro1_water_splash_spawn, ent_amb_drain_splash, ent_amb_exhaust_thick, exp_grd_molotov_lod, ent_amb_sprinkler_golf, ent_brk_tree_trunk_bark, 
ent_amb_rapid_dir_splash_light, ent_amb_barrel_fire, ped_foot_water, eject_auto_fp, bul_foam, water_splash_ped_bubbles, ent_col_bush_leaves, exp_grd_rpg_post, 
fire_map_quick, blood_mist, ped_foot_dusty, ent_amb_trop_fish_swarm_lil, wtr_rocks_wall_splash, wheel_fric_sand, shotgun_water, bul_concrete_heli, 
water_boat_dinghy_bow_mounted, ent_amb_fbi_fire_wall_lg, ent_amb_foundry_dust, scrape_metal, exp_hydrant_decals_sp, exp_grd_boat_spawn, 
ent_amb_sewer_drips_med, fire_petrol_script, ent_amb_stoner_vent_smoke, muz_alternate_star_fp, wheel_spin_leaves, ent_anim_bm_water_scp, 
ent_sht_molten_liquid, bul_concrete_minigun, exp_bird_crap, ent_amb_dust_motes, ent_sht_paint_cans, veh_light_amber, ent_dst_paint_cans, veh_downwash_foliage, 
exp_grd_train, weap_veh_turbulance_foliage, liquid_splash_gloopy, exp_air_blimp_sp, env_interior_chickenfarm, exp_sht_steam, ent_amb_falling_leaves_m, 
veh_plane_damage, blood_nose, muz_smoking_barrel, scrape_mud, water_boat_Suntrap_bow, ent_sht_water, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_l_fire, fire_wrecked_truck_vent, 
proj_missile_underwater, ent_col_palm_leaves, wheel_spin_water_deep, wheel_spin_blood, ent_dst_gen_liquid_burst, ent_dst_wood_planks, 
ent_amb_steam_vent_round, ent_brk_tree_leaves, scrape_veg, ent_amb_moths_swarm, exp_air_rpg_plane_lod, wheel_fric_gravel, td_blood_hatchet, ent_amb_peeing, 
bul_decal_blood, exp_air_rpg_sp, wheel_decal_water_Bike, bul_grass, ent_sht_cactus, blood_entry_head_sniper, weap_veh_turbulance_dirt, veh_oil_slick, 
ped_scrape_sand_underwater, ped_foot_decal_water, lens_snow, td_blood_hatchet_back, ent_amb_sprinkler_city_sml, ent_amb_insect_plane, water_boat_jetmax_bow, 
exp_grd_flare, wheel_fric_hard, proj_flare_fuse, muz_pistol_fp, veh_exhaust_heli_cargobob, bul_wood_splinter_heli, ent_amb_sewer_drips_spawned_lg, 
ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_s_fire, ent_amb_rapid_area_spray, wheel_fric_water_Bike, sp_fbi_fire_drip_trails, ent_ray_ch2_farm_fire_dble, veh_vent_boat, 
exp_grd_molotov, veh_exhaust_titan, ent_amb_fbi_smoulder_sm, ent_dst_gen_plastic_cont, exp_grd_vehicle_lod, wheel_spin_grass, lens_water_run, 
ent_dst_office_paper, wheel_fric_leaves_Bike, ent_amb_wind_grass, liquid_splash_petrol, veh_train_sparks, ent_dst_gen_cardboard, water_splash_whale_wade, 
ent_amb_sparking_wires, scrape_sand_underwater, ent_dst_plant_leaves, ent_brk_lamppost_base, ent_amb_waterfall_splash_p, liquid_splash_pee, 
wheel_fric_gravel_LOD, muz_smoking_barrel_shotgun, bul_paper, muz_rpg, ped_foot_gravel_deep, bul_brick, mel_concrete, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_embers, 
bul_glass_tv, wheel_decal_mud, liquid_splash_paint, ent_amb_fbi_light_door, muz_smoking_barrel_fp, veh_exhaust_start_bike, water_splash_veh_in, 
fire_wrecked_plane, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_spray, ent_amb_wind_hay_dir, ent_amb_candle_flame, muz_assault_rifle_fp, ped_foot_chickenfarm, exp_grd_grenade, 
ent_amb_wfall_splash_sml, exp_grd_vehicle_spawn, ent_dst_electrical, bul_carmetal, veh_slipstream, exp_grd_boat, ent_amb_leaves_oak_g, 
wheel_fric_hard_dusty_Tank, water_jetski_bow1_mounted, veh_vent_plane_duster, fire_wrecked_truck, ent_amb_wind_tree_leaves, water_cannon_jet, 
ent_ray_ch2_farm_smoke_dble, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_exp, env_dust_devil_rural_sma, ent_dst_concrete, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_sprk_wrs, env_wind_debris_city, 
ent_sht_blood, exp_grd_propane, veh_vent_plane_lazer, fire_wrecked_bike, veh_panel_shut_tank, water_boat_exit, bang_sand_underwater, ent_sht_paper_bails, 
ent_amb_smoke_general, blood_entry_shotgun, ent_dst_upholstery, veh_exhaust_velum, ent_amb_elec_crackle_sp, _fog_plane, exp_grd_sticky_lod, 
blood_entry_sniper, wheel_decal_mud_Bike, fire_object, proj_disturb_dust, bullet_shotgun_tracer, ent_ray_ch2_farm_fire_l_l_l, ent_amb_foundry_heat_haze, 
ent_dst_donuts, wheel_fric_sandWet_LOD, water_splash_sub_in, veh_wind_litter_dir, ent_amb_cig_smoke_linger, ent_dst_hobo_trolley, shark_underwater_trails, 
ent_anim_pneumatic_drill, ped_breath_water, bul_chickenfarm, proj_grenade_trail, exp_grd_vehicle_post, weap_hvy_turbulance_sand, ent_col_electrical, 
veh_exhaust_vulkan, scr_fbi_falling_dust, proj_grenade_smoke, scr_agency3b_sprinkler_off, ent_brk_blood, exp_grd_bzgas_smoke, ent_sht_petrol_fire, 
ent_amb_water_drips_spawned_lg, ent_amb_abattoir_saw_blood, bul_decal_water, veh_exhaust_truck_rig, ent_amb_snow_mist_upper, wheel_decal_water_Tank, 
ent_amb_fbi_falling_debris, ent_dst_elec_fire, env_dust_motes_int_hvy, exp_grd_petrol_pump_spawn, fire_wrecked_car_vent, water_splash_shark_wade, 
veh_panel_shut_feltzer2010, wheel_fric_gravel_Bike, ent_dst_newspaper, ent_brk_wood_planks, mel_glass, blood_headshot, ent_dst_wet_sand, blood_throat, 
fire_wrecked_boat, trail_splash_water, ent_anim_bm_water_mist, ent_amb_fly_zapped_spawned, exp_grd_rpg_sp, env_bar_haze, exp_grd_sticky, 
veh_petrol_leak_bullet, sp_ent_sparking_wires, exp_grd_gas_can, ent_amb_sewer_drips_spawned, ent_amb_sprinkler_city, water_splash_sub_out, 
ent_amb_fbi_smoke_ramp_lt, veh_exhaust_tug, glass_windscreen, ent_dst_elec_crackle, proj_molotov_flame_fp, eject_heli_gun, ent_sht_extinguisher, 
ent_amb_stoner_dust_drop, ent_anim_gardener_plant, wheel_fric_hard_tank, veh_panel_open_carHK, water_splash_animal_wade, fire_wheel, veh_light_red_trail, 
ent_amb_falling_cherry_bloss, ped_foot_decal_petrol, bang_carmetal, wtr_sea_pole_splash, bang_blood_car, ent_amb_vent_haze_sm, water_splash_ped, 
ent_amb_int_fireplace_sml, muz_tank, ent_amb_pro_elec_fires, wheel_decal_oil_Bike, veh_wingtip, ent_sht_cardboard, exp_grd_vehicle_sp, proj_laser_player, 
ent_amb_river_splash_gen, exp_grd_tankshell, ent_amb_foundry_steam, water_jetski_rev, ped_parachute_trail, env_interior_foundry, ent_amb_water_drips_med, 
rim_fric_hard, wheel_fric_grass_LOD, ent_brk_coins, ent_amb_rapid_dir_spray, veh_sub_dive, ent_amb_fbi_fire_fogball, ent_anim_animal_graze, exp_air_blimp, 
muz_minigun_alt, ent_amb_stoner_falling_wchips, wheel_decal_water_deep, exp_grd_rpg_plane_sp, veh_exhaust_truck, blood_mist_prop, env_wind_debris_woodland, 
bullet_tracer_jet, ent_amb_leaves_ficus_g, veh_overturned_exhaust, blood_entry, eject_shotgun, muz_alternate_star, sp_fire_trail_heli, ent_brk_uprooted, 
ent_amb_foundry_steam_spawn, ent_amb_int_waterfall_splash, exp_grd_barrel, exp_grd_vehicle, ent_amb_wind_litter, muz_shotgun, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_h_fire, 
veh_downwash_dirt, water_jetski_exit, exp_grd_rpg_lod, weap_petrol_can, fire_ped_smoulder, ent_amb_fly_zapped, veh_air_debris, ent_sht_dust, 
veh_panel_open_truck, ent_amb_fbi_fire_dub_door, wheel_fric_sand_Bike, wheel_fric_leaves, env_dust_devil_rural_lrg, bullet_tracer, ent_dst_chick_carcass, 
ent_amb_sewer_drips_sm, wheel_burnout, scrape_sand, ent_amb_cockroach_swarm, ent_amb_generator_smoke, muz_laser, env_gunsmoke_paper_factory, veh_vent_heli, 
ent_amb_river_mist_gen, ent_amb_insect_swarm, bul_tarmac_heli, muz_smoking_barrel_rocket, ent_amb_fire_gaswork, ent_amb_cluckb_steam, ent_col_tree_leaves, 
ent_amb_stoner_woodchip_drop, water_splash_veh_trail, ent_dst_inflate_ball_clr, exp_grd_gren_sp, wheel_fric_leaves_Tank, weap_extinguisher, 
env_wind_debris_desert, ent_brk_banknotes, ent_amb_fountain_mansion2, ent_amb_stoner_rubble_drop, ped_foot_bushes, ent_amb_sol1_plane_wreck, 
wheel_fric_mud_Bike, veh_wheel_burst, fire_vehicle, ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth, ped_water_drips, ent_ray_paleto_gas_plume_amb_L, eject_pistol, 
glass_side_window_PC, water_splash_plane_wade, ent_amb_cockroaches, ped_bang_sand_underwater, veh_exhaust_plane_misfire, ent_dst_pineapple, 
ped_foot_water_puddle, ent_amb_bubble_stream, ped_wade_mud, ent_dst_metal_frag, water_splash_bicycle_out, ent_amb_fbi_live_wires, veh_air_turbulance_sand, 
eject_shotgun_fp, exp_grd_plane_spawn, mp_parachute_smoke, _fog_foundry, ent_dst_mail, weap_hvy_turbulance_foliage, ent_amb_abattoir_carcass, 
ent_anim_hen_flee, ent_col_falling_snow, exp_sht_extinguisher, ent_dst_crispbags, wheel_spin_sand, water_boat_LOD, ent_sht_beer_containers, 
veh_exhaust_start, ent_amb_wfall_splash_lg, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_creep, bang_metal, fire_ped_limb, ent_amb_water_drips_dam_med, veh_air_turbulance_foliage, 
ent_amb_trop_fish_swarm, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_s_fire_sq, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse_car, veh_exhaust_misfire, bullet_tracer_mg, wheel_fric_gravel_Tank, 
ent_amb_fbi_smoke_door_lt, proj_molotov_trail, veh_vent_plane, veh_light_clear, scrape_dirt_dry, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_land_hvy, fire_wrecked_rc, 
wheel_decal_petrol, ent_ray_paleto_gas_plume_amb, water_cannon_spray, ent_amb_cold_air_vent, bul_stungun, wheel_decal_sand_deep, blood_mouth, 
veh_exhaust_cuban800, proj_laser_enemy, water_splash_plane_out, ent_amb_wfall_splash_med, ent_amb_falling_leaves_l, fire_wrecked_heli, ent_brk_cactus, 
liquid_splash_water, bang_dirt_dry, proj_rpg_trail, water_heli_blades, bul_plaster_brittle, env_wind_sand_dune, ent_amb_fbi_fire_lg, 
fire_wrecked_tank_cockpit, eject_sniper_amrifle, bul_decal_mud, bul_brick_heli, scrape_blood_car, wheel_spin_water, ent_amb_water_drips_sm, 
ent_amb_fbi_smoke_stair_gather, wheel_decal_oil, td_blood_melee_blunt, wheel_fric_mud, lens_test, ent_amb_floating_debris, ent_col_gen_tree_dust,
weap_heist_flare_trail, bang_hydraulics, exp_air_plane_rpg_spawn, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_silt, ent_amb_smoke_foundry_white, wheel_decal_blood_Bike, 
wheel_decal_mud_Tank, ent_amb_trev1_trailer_sp_f, ent_amb_dry_ice_vent, sp_foundry_sparks, ent_amb_waterfall_pool, muz_smg, eject_pistol_fp, 
scr_fbi_ground_debris, env_stripclub_haze, blood_stungun, veh_wingtip_cargo, bul_bushes, bang_plastic, ent_amb_stoner_falling_debris, 
ent_sht_extinguisher_water, fire_map, ent_amb_fountain_pour, weap_veh_turbulance_water, weap_smoke_grenade, water_splash_generic, scrape_blood, 
ent_amb_moths_cupboard, bul_glass_heli, ent_amb_smoke_factory_white, muz_railgun, exp_air_rpg, eject_sniper, veh_vent_plane_titan, ent_sht_rubbish, 
water_jetmax_exit, wheel_fric_sand_Tank, ent_amb_trevor_tap_drip, veh_exhaust_cargo, td_blood_pistol, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_ramp_hvy, veh_debris_trail, 
wtr_rocks_rnd_splash, ent_ray_fin_petrol_splash, veh_exhaust_trailer_chimney, fire_wrecked_bus, veh_exhaust_afterburner, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_ramp_med, 
exp_grd_rpg_spawn, ent_dst_snow_tombs, exp_grd_rpg_plane, ent_amb_steam_vent_open_hvy, glass_shards, ent_sht_telegraph_pole, ent_dst_rocks, 
ent_amb_steam_vent_rnd_hvy, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_land_med, ent_amb_smoke_factory, eject_smg_fp, ent_dst_box_noodle, ent_amb_wind_litter_dust_swirl, 
exp_air_grenade, ent_amb_acid_bath, blood_melee_blunt, fire_petroltank_boat, fire_ped_body, blood_armour, ent_dst_bread, water_splash_veh_wade, 
ent_amb_fbi_door_smoke, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_door_hvy, ped_wade_sand, exp_air_blimp2, veh_vent_bike, veh_rotor_break_tail, scrape_concrete, muz_pistol, 
water_boat_dinghy_bow, ent_brk_sparking_wires_sp, ped_breath, ent_amb_stoner_landing, ped_underwater_trails, bul_sand_loose, ped_foot_decal_blood, 
water_splash_bicycle_in, lens_water, veh_wheel_puncture, veh_wheel_puncture_rc, wheel_spin_sandWet, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm, water_splash_bike_trail, 
ped_breath_scuba, ent_ray_paleto_gas_window_fire, water_splash_bicycle_trail, blood_fall, env_wind_debris_mountain, ent_dst_pumpkin, 
ent_amb_water_roof_pour_long, sp_fire_trail_plane, wheel_fric_dusty_LOD, ent_amb_waterfall_runoff, ent_dst_ceramics, wheel_decal_sand_wet_deep, 
veh_sub_leak, ent_amb_water_roof_pour, ent_dst_egg_mulch, wheel_decal_puddle, wheel_fric_hard_Bike, ent_dst_gen_choc, proj_molotov_flame, env_smoke_fbi_thin, 
ent_dst_litter, water_splash_bicycle_wade, scr_agency3b_sprinkler_on, veh_exhaust_boat, veh_air_turbulance_water, fire_extinguish, wheel_fric_hard_dusty, 
ped_blood_drips, veh_air_turbulance_default, ent_anim_blown_radiator, bul_grass_heli, ent_amb_fly_swarm, exp_grd_rpg, ent_amb_falling_leaves_s, 
ent_anim_bbq, veh_oil_leak, ent_amb_rapid_dir_splash, muz_smg_fp, bul_dirt, bul_decal_petrol, bul_tarmac, fire_petroltank_bike, ent_amb_vent_haze_lg, 
veh_downwash_water, ped_foot_sand_wet_deep, wheel_decal_blood, env_fog, blood_wheel, veh_petrol_leak_bike, ent_amb_int_waterfall_runoff, 
ent_dst_glass_bulb, env_dust_motes, ent_sht_electrical_box, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_edge_lip, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_linger_lt, ent_amb_water_roof_drips, 
ent_dst_dust, ent_amb_int_fireplace, wheel_decal_water, ent_amb_wind_leaves_swirl, ent_dst_rocks_small, fire_map_slow, ent_amb_waterfall_splash, 
ent_amb_dry_ice_area, fire_petrol_pool, water_splash_bike_in, ent_anim_fish_flee_bubbles, bang_sand, fire_petrol_half, ent_anim_cig_smoke_car, 
ent_amb_fbi_fire_wall_sm, veh_petrol_leak, ent_dst_inflate_lilo, eject_sniper_heavy, exp_grd_petrol_pump_post, env_smoke_grenade, bul_water, 
ent_sht_feathers, ent_brk_champagne_case, ent_anim_fish_breath_bubbles, wheel_fric_grass_Tank, glass_side_window, ent_ray_prologue_elec_crackle_sp, 
trail_splash_petrol, muz_minigun, ped_wade_sand_wet, wheel_decal_puddle_Bike, water_boat_Marques_bow, veh_exhaust_car, ent_amb_snow_mist_base, 
ped_parachute_canopy_trail, ent_amb_foundry_arc_heat, veh_rotor_break
 
core_snow = cs_mich1_spade_dirt_dust_trail, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_bits_throw, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_bits_trail, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_dust_throw,
ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, wheel_fric_snow_trail_bike, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_chunks,
cs_mich1_spade_dirt_impact, wheel_fric_snow_trail_LOD, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_throw, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_trail,
cs_mich1_spade_dirt_bits, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_dust, wheel_fric_snow_curl_LOD, cs_mich1_spade_dirt_core, wheel_decal_snow_decals, wheel_fric_snow_chunks,
wheel_spin_chunks_deep, wheel_spin_snow_chunks, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, wheel_fric_snow_trail, wheel_spin_snow_spray, wheel_spin_spray_deep,
wheel_fric_snow_loose, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ped_wade_snow_splash, wheel_fric_snow_Bike, cs_mich1_dirt_chunks, ptfx_smoke_thin_anim, wheel_spin_snow_dust,
wheel_spin_dust_deep, wheel_fric_snow_LOD, wheel_spin_jet_deep, wheel_spin_snow_jet, ped_wade_mud_splash, cs_mich1_dirt_dust, cs_mich1_dirt_bits,
cs_mich1_dirt_core, ped_foot_snow_kick, ped_foot_snowkickL, ped_foot_snow_curl, ped_foot_snowkickR, spin, wheel_decal_snow2, bang_snow_chunks, wheel_decal_snow,
bul_snow_debris, ptfx_water_jets, wheel_fric_snow, wheel_spin_snow, bul_snow_spike, bang_snow_mist, RGBA_lit_soft, bul_snow_core,
ped_wade_snow, bul_snow_coreped_wade_snow
 
scr_safehouse = cs_mich1_lighter_sparks_glow_lit, cs_mich1_lighter_sparks_impact, cs_mich1_lighter_flame_glow, ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame, cs_mich1_lighter_sparks,
scr_sh_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_mich1_lighter_flame, scr_sh_cig_exhale_nose, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_sh_lighter_sparks, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet,
ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, scr_sh_lighter_flame, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_nose, scr_bong_smoke_out, scr_sh_bong_smoke, scr_sh_cig_smoke, scr_sh_lighter_flame
 
scr_recartheft = scr_wheel_burnout_plume, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_wheel_burnout
 
scr_fm_mp_missioncreator = cs_mich1_lighter_sparks_impact, ent_amb_elec_crackle_glow_lit,  ptfx_model_multi_objects_01, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse_car,
ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth_car, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ent_amb_elec_crackle_sparks, cs_mich1_lighter_flame_glow, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris,
scr_crate_drop_beacon_glow, ent_amb_elec_crackle_smoke, ent_amb_elec_crackle_arcs, ent_anim_cig_glow_lit_car, ent_amb_shower_room_steam, ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame,
scr_fm_mp_missioncreator, ent_dst_cardboard_debris, ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse, cs_mich1_lighter_sparks, scr_sh_cig_exhale_mouth,
ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, scr_mp_dust_cloud_dust, scr_mp_dust_cloud_dots, ent_dst_cardboard_dots, ent_dst_cardboard_bits, cs_mich1_lighter_flame,
ent_anim_cig_smoke_car, scr_sh_cig_exhale_nose, ent_anim_cig_glow_lit, scr_crate_drop_beacon, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, scr_sh_lighter_sparks,
ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ent_amb_shower_water, ent_amb_shower_steam, scr_sh_lighter_flame, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, cs_cig_exhale_mouth,
scr_bong_smoke_out, ent_anim_cig_smoke, scr_mp_generic_dst, cs_cig_exhale_nose, scr_mp_dust_cloud, ent_dst_conc_core, scr_sh_bong_smoke, scr_mp_drug_dust,
scr_sh_cig_smoke
 
scr_family1 = scr_fam1_blood_headshot, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, ptfx_smoke_thin_anim, cs_cig_exhale_mouth,
scr_fam1_veh_smoke, cs_cig_exhale_nose, cs_cig_glow_lit
 
scr_family3 = ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, scr_fam3_wheelspin_chunks, ent_ray_fam3_dust_settle, scr_fam3_wheelspin_dirt, ent_ray_fam3_dust_motes,
ent_ray_fam3_dust_lower, scr_fam3_wheelspin_jet, ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, scr_fam3_sand_spray, scr_fam3_sand_dust
 
scr_family4 = scr_fam4_truck_vent_smoke, scr_fam4_trailer_glow_lit, scr_fam4_trailer_impact, scr_fam4_trailer_sparks, scr_fam4_trailer_dust,
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, scr_fam4_truck_vent
 
scr_family5 = scr_fam_door_smoke_cloud, scr_smoke_grenade_cloud, scr_smoke_grenade_resid, ptfx_water_dripping_rgb, ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim,
scr_smoke_grenade_jet, scr_trev_puke_collide, scr_car_puke_collide, scr_car_puke_splash, scr_fam_bong_smoke, scr_fam_door_smoke, scr_car_puke_col, scr_car_puke,
scr_puke_in_car
 
scr_family6 = ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris, cs_fam6_hair_snip2, cs_fam6_hair_snip1, cs_fam6_hair_snip
 
scr_exile1 = rm_torn_paper_1, ent_amb_sparking_wires_sm_sp, ptfx_model_multi_objects_05, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris,
scr_ex1_engine_blast_pillar, ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_ex1_cargo_trail_billow,
scr_ex1_cargo_trail_flames, scr_ex1_cargo_trail_chunks, scr_ex1_moving_cloud_lower, scr_ex1_cargo_trail_sparks, ent_amb_spark_small_sparks, scr_ex1_exp_spears,
scr_ex1_cargo_engine_burst, scr_ex1_cargo_engine_trail, scr_ex1_dust_settle_lower, ent_amb_spark_small_spawn, scr_ex1_tail_damage_model, ent_amb_spark_small_glows,
scr_ex1_cargo_trail_smoke, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, ent_amb_spark_small_arcs, _explosion_fireball_rgba, sp_ent_spark_sm_glow_lit, scr_ex1_cargo_trail_glow,
cs_ex1_sparking_wires_sm, scr_ex1_plane_exp_spawn2, ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, scr_ex1_plane_exp_spawn, scr_ex1_water_exp_burst, cs_fin_car_exp_glowcore,
scr_ex1_water_exp_spike, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, ptfx_model_metal_panel, scr_ex1_water_exp_ring, sp_ent_spark_sm_sparks,
ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, sp_ent_spark_sm_smoke, ptfx_model_paper_torn, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, cs_fin_car_exp_chunks, cs_fin_car_exp_sparks, scr_ex1_crago_sparks1,
scr_ex1_vortex_shards, scr_ex1_crago_sparks2, scr_ex1_moving_cloud, scr_ex1_cargo_sparks, exp_grd_pp_core_rise, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, scr_ex1_plane_exp_sp,
ptfx_smoke_thin_anim, scr_ex1_vortex_smoke, sp_ent_spark_sm_arcs, scr_ex1_water_exp_sp, scr_ex1_cargo_debris, scr_ex1_dust_settle, scr_ex1_dust_impact,
scr_ex1_cargoshards, scr_ex1_cargo_smoke, scr_ex1_rpg_chunky, cs_ex1_cargo_smoke, scr_ex1_car_shards, cs_ex1_cargo_flame, scr_ex_cargo_smoke, scr_ex1_exp_spears,
RGBA_lit_soft, scr_ex1_heatseeker, scr_ex1_plane_exp, cs_ex1_cargo_fire, scr_ex1_rpg_flare, scr_ex1_rpg_smoke, ptfx_smoke_spikes, scr_ex1_rpg_glow,
ptfx_water_spike
 
scr_exile2 = ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, scr_ex2_jeep_engine_smoke, scr_ex2_jeep_engine_fire, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_ex2_car_slide_dust,
scr_ex2_car_impact_deb, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_ex2_car_slide_deb, scr_ex1_rpg_chunky, scr_ex2_jeep_light, scr_ex2_car_impact, scr_ex2_chop_trail,
scr_ex1_rpg_flare, scr_ex2_rpg_trail, scr_ex1_rpg_smoke, scr_ex2_car_slide, scr_ex1_rpg_glow
 
scr_exile3 = cs_fam5_water_splash_ped_wade, cs_fam5_water_splash_ped_out, cs_fam5_michael_pool_splash, cs_fam5_water_splash_ped_in, scr_ex3_water_dinghy_front,
scr_ex3_water_dinghy_mist, scr_ex3_water_dinghy_wash, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, scr_ex3_water_dinghy_bow, scr_ex3_container_smoke, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb,
cs_splash_ped_in, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, cs_fam5_pool_splash2, scr_ex3_engine_light, scr_ex3_engine_smoke, cs_fam5_pool_splash1, scr_ex3_engine_flame,
scr_ex3_engine_fire, cs_splash_ped_in_r, cs_splash_ped_out
 
scr_rcbarry1 = scr_alien_disintegrate_flares, scr_alien_disintegrate_fizzle, scr_alien_disintegrate_glow, scr_alien_impact_bul_flares,
scr_alien_disintegrate_glow, scr_alien_impact_bul_fizzle, scr_alien_teleport_fizzle, scr_alien_impact_bul_glow, scr_alien_charge_fizzle, scr_alien_charge_flares,
scr_alien_impact_fizzle, scr_alien_teleport_glow, scr_alien_impact_flares, scr_alien_disintegrate, scr_alien_impact_glow, scr_alien_charge_glow,
ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, scr_alien_impact_bul, scr_alien_charging, scr_alien_teleport, ptfx_bullet_tracer, scr_alien_impact, scr_alien_beam
 
scr_rcbarry2 = ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, _explosion_clown_fireball_rgba, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, scr_exp_clown_hot_debris, scr_exp_clown_base_smoke,
scr_clown_appears_spawn, scr_clown_appears_core3, scr_clown_appears_core2, scr_exp_clown_core_rise, scr_clown_appears_core, scr_clown_appears_glow,
sp_clown_appear_trails, scr_clown_death_trails, scr_clown_bul_tendrils, scr_clown_death_fizzle, ptfx_clown_muzzle_core, scr_exp_clown_hot_deb,
scr_clown_bul_flowers, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_exp_clown_trails, scr_exp_clown_spears, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, scr_clown_death_core, muz_clown_smoke,
scr_clown_bul_glow, ptfx_clown_symbols, scr_exp_clown_core, scr_exp_clown_glow, muz_clown_glow_lit, ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, ptfx_sprite, muz_clown_core,
eject_clown_smoke, scr_clown_appears, ptfx_smoke_spikes, ptfx_clown_flower, ptfx_clown_muzzle, scr_exp_clown, scr_exp_clown_sp, scr_clown_bul_stars, ptfx_star_rgb,
eject_clown_gob, eject_clown, muz_clown, muz_clown_flare
 
veh_spacecraf = veh_exhaust_spacecraft_halo, veh_exhaust_spacecraft_glow, veh_exhaust_spacecraft_L, veh_exhaust_spacecraft_R, proj_laser_player_flare,
fire_wrecked_heli_smoke, fire_wrecked_heli_flame, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, proj_laser_enemy_flare, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, veh_exhaust_spacecraft,
veh_overheat_heli_vent, proj_laser_player_glow, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, proj_laser_enemy_glow, fire_petroltank_heli, ptfx_starbursts_rgb, proj_laser_player,
fire_wrecked_heli, proj_laser_enemy
 
scr_paintnspray = scr_respray_smoke_floor, ke_floor, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_respray_smoke, scr_paintnspray, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite
 
scr_prologue = scr_prologue_vault_corridor2, scr_prologue_vault_innerhaze, scr_prologue_vault_corridorR, scr_prologue_vault_corridorL, scr_prologue_vault_corridor,
scr_prologue_ceiling_debris, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris,  ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_prologue_vault_doorhaze, ptfx_model_multi_objects_04,
scr_prologue_ceiling_start, scr_prologue_ceiling_spawn, scr_prologue_ceiling_spawn, scr_prologue_ceiling_spawn, scr_prologue_ceiling_spawn,
scr_prologue_ceiling_vert, scr_prologue_ceiling_silt, sp_prologue_debris_centre, _explosion_fireball_rgba, sp_prologue_debris_dust, scr_prologue_vault_haze,
scr_prologue_door_blast, sp_prologue_debris_bits, scr_pro_doors_fireball, scr_pro_doors_glowcore, scr_pro_door_snow_mist, ptfx_smoke_static_rgba,
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_pro_doors_clouds, scr_pro_doors_sparks, scr_pro_doors_chunks, scr_pro_doors_shards, scr_pro_doors_smoke, sp_prologue_debris,
scr_pro_door_snow
 
scr_carsteal3 = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_carsteal4_tyre_debris, scr_carsteal4_tyre_spiked, scr_carsteal4_tyre_cloud, scr_carsteal4_tyre_glow,
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim
 
scr_carsteal4 = scr_carsteal5_car_muzzle_flash, scr_cs4_wheel_burnout_plume, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_carsteal4_wheel_burnout,
scr_carsteal5_tyre_debris, scr_carsteal5_tyre_spiked, scr_carsteal5_tyre_cloud, scr_carsteal5_tyre_glow, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim,
ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, muz_shotgun_glow_lit, muz_assault_flare, ptfx_muzzle_02
 
scr_carwash = ent_amb_car_wash_jet_directed_soap, ent_amb_car_wash_jet_core_soap, ent_amb_car_wash_jet_directed, ent_amb_car_wash_splash_mist,
ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ent_amb_car_wash_jet_core, ent_amb_car_wash_jet_soap, ent_amb_car_wash_splash, ent_amb_car_wash_steam, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim,
ent_amb_car_wash_jet, ent_amb_car_wash, ptfx_water_jets

scr_sell = scr_vehicle_damage_smoke
 
scr_trevor1 = sp_ent_sparking_wires_glow_lit, sp_ent_sparking_wires_sparks, sp_ent_sparking_wires_smoke, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris,
scr_trev1_trailer_entry_R, scr_fam3_wheelspin_chunks, scr_trev1_trailer_entry_L, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, ent_ray_meth_fires_flame,
ent_ray_meth_fires_smoke, ent_ray_meth_dust_settle, scr_trev1_trailer_mist_L, scr_trev1_trailer_sparks, scr_trev1_trailer_ring_R, scr_trev1_trailer_ring_L,
scr_trev1_wheelspin_dirt, scr_trev1_boosh_glow_lit, scr_trev1_trailer_splash, ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, scr_fam3_wheelspin_arch, scr_trev1_trailer_glows,
scr_trev1_trailer_spawn, scr_fam3_wheelspin_dirt, scr_fam3_wheelspin_grit, scr_trev1_trailer_wires, scr_trev1_trailer_entry, ent_ray_meth_fires_glow,
scr_trev1_trailer_boosh, scr_trev1_trailer_mist, scr_trev1_trailer_arcs, scr_fam3_wheelspin_jet, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, ptfx_smoke_static_rgba,
scr_trev1_boosh_sparks, sp_ent_sparking_wires, scr_trev1_boosh_smoke, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_trev1_wood_debris, scr_trev1_boosh_arcs, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb,
scr_trev1_crash_dust, ent_ray_meth_fires, scr_trev1_shards
 
scr_trevor2 = ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, scr_trev2_heli_wreck_smoke, scr_rotor_blade_blood_anim, scr_trev2_heli_wreck_fire1,
scr_rotor_blade_blood_mist, scr_trev2_heli_wreck_end, scr_trev2_heli_wreck_ash, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_rotor_blade_blood, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim,
ptfx_water_wake_blur, scr_trev2_heli_wreck, scr_rotor_blood_dir, scr_trev2_smoke_L, scr_trev2_flare_L, ptfx_blood_spray, scr_trev2_mist_L, scr_trev2_heli_exp
 
scr_trevor3 = ptfx_model_shockwave, scr_trev3_trailer_expolsion, exp_grd_vehicle_spawn, ent_ray_trev3_trailer_light, ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, 
ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, exp_grd_gren_core_pillar, _explosion_fireball_rgba, scr_trev3_exp_base_smoke, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_trev3_trailer_plume, 
exp_grd_gren_base_smoke, scr_trev3_trailer_smoke, scr_trev3_c4_explosion, scr_trev3_exp_hot_deb, scr_trev3_trailer_end, scr_trev3_fires_flame, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_trev3_exp_debris, scr_trev3_exp_spears, scr_trev3_exp_shock, exp_grd_gren_debris, exp_grd_gren_spears, RGBA_lit_soft, 
_explosion_fireball, _test_smoke_sheet_6, ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, exp_grd_base_smoke, scr_trev3_exp_glow, exp_grd_glow_small, scr_trev3_exp_core, ptfx_ribbon_smoke, 
ptfx_smoke_spikes, exp_grd_debris_sm, exp_grd_gren_core, exp_grd_gren_glow, explosion_spears, explosion_debris
 
scr_paletoscore = ent_ray_pro1_sparking_wires_sparks, ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_dble_fireball, ent_ray_pro1_sparking_wires_smoke, ent_ray_pro1_sparking_wires_arcs,
ent_ray_fbi5a_stairs_silt_debris, ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_dble_debris, ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_01_fireball, RGB_lit_soft, ent_ray_fbi5a_stairs_silt_start,
ent_ray_fbi5a_stairs_silt_spawn, scr_paleto_roof_impact_l_rubble, ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_dble_smoke, scr_paleto_roof_impact_l_debris,
ent_ray_paleto_gas_plume_amb_L, ent_ray_ch2_farm_fire_01_plume, ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_dble_glow, ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_01_debris,
ent_ray_fbi5a_stairs_silt_vert, ent_ray_paleto_gas_window_fire, scr_paleto_roof_impact_l_dots, scr_paleto_roof_impact_l_core, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_sprk_wrs,
scr_paleto_gas_plume_source_L, ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_01_smoke, ent_ray_paleto_gas_fire_glow, scr_paleto_gas_plume_smoke_L, ent_ray_paleto_gas_plume_ash,
ent_ray_ch2_farm_exp_01_glow, cs_paleto_blowtorch_glow_lit, ent_ray_paleto_gas_plume_amb, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, scr_paleto_gas_plume_source,
ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, scr_paleto_spawned_glow_lit, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_s_fire, ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, scr_paleto_heli_plume_fire1,
scr_paleto_heli_plume_smoke, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_paleto_gas_plume_smoke, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_water, cs_paleto_blowtorch_flame,
ent_ray_paleto_gas_flames, ent_amb_spark_small_glows, scr_paleto_heli_plume_end, cs_paleto_blowtorch_smoke, cs_paleto_blowtorch_flare, scr_paleto_spawned_sparks,
scr_paleto_heli_plume_ash, ent_ray_fbi5a_stairs_silt, ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_silt, cs_paleto_blowtorch_glow, scr_paleto_gas_plume_end, ent_ray_paleto_gas_smoke,
ent_ray_heli_aprtmnt_exp, ent_ray_paleto_gas_flame, scr_paleto_doorway_smoke, scr_paleto_spawned_smoke, _explosion_fireball_rgb, ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame,
cs_rbhs_int_delap_motes, ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, ent_ray_heli_fire_smoke, ent_ray_paleto_gas_glow, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_paleto_box_glow_lit,
scr_alarm_damage_sparks, ptfx_water_dripping_rgb, ent_amb_campfire_flame, scr_alarm_small_sparks, ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour,
cs_rbhs_int_delap_dust, scr_paleto_fire_flames, scr_paleto_box_spawned, scr_paleto_roof_impact, ptfx_ribbon_water_pour, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb,
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_alarm_small_glows, scr_paleto_fire_smoke, scr_trev_puke_collide, scr_paleto_fire_trail, scr_paleto_box_spawn2,
scr_paleto_box_sparks, ent_sht_water_collide, scr_paleto_heli_plume, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, scr_paleto_fire_glow, scr_paleto_banknotes, scr_paleto_box_smoke,
ent_sht_water_splash, scr_paleto_box_spawn, scr_alarm_small_arcs, ptfx_model_banknote, liquid_splash_water, scr_paleto_box_arcs, ent_amb_pee_collide,
cs_paleto_blowtorch, ent_sht_water_pour, liquid_splash_pee, ent_amb_pee_pour, scr_car_puke_col

scr_fbi1 = rm_torn_paper_2, rm_torn_paper_1, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_model_multi_objects_05, ptfx_model_paper_torn, ent_dst_litter_debris, 
scr_fbi_autopsy_blood, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, scr_fbi_autopsy_dust, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, ent_dst_litter_torn, 
ent_dst_litter_mist, ent_dst_litter_bits, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, ent_dst_litter_dots, cs_cig_exhale_nose, ptfx_blood_spray

scr_fbi3 = scr_fbi3_elec_sparks_glow_lit, scr_fbi3_elec_sparks_sparks2, scr_fbi3_dirty_wtr_splash_sp, scr_fbi3_elec_sparks_smoke2, scr_fbi3_elec_sparks_sparks, 
scr_fbi3_elec_sparks_smoke, scr_fbi3_elec_sparks_arcs, scr_fbi3_blood_extraction, scr_fbi3_dirty_wtr_decals, scr_fbi3_dirty_water_pour, scr_fbi3_blood_throwaway, 
scr_fbi3_dirty_wtr_trail, scr_fbi3_dirty_wtr_pour, ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, scr_fbi3_elec_smoulder, ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
scr_fbi3_blood_mouth, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, scr_fbi3_elec_sparks, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_nose, ptfx_blood_squibs, 
ptfx_blood_spray

scr_fbi4 = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, exp_fbi4_doors_base_smoke, _explosion_fireball_rgba, scr_fbi4_crash_shards, exp_fbi4_doors_spears, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
scr_fbi4_trucks_crash, exp_fbi4_doors_debris, scr_fbi4_crash_sparks, scr_fbi4_crash_dust, exp_fbi4_doors_glow, exp_fbi4_doors_core, exp_fbi4_base_smoke, 
ptfx_smoke_spikes, exp_fbi4_hot_deb

scr_fbi5a = scr_bio_grill_welder_smoke, scr_bio_grill_torch_flames, scr_bio_grill_welder_glow, scr_fbi5_ped_water_splash, scr_bio_grill_bubbles_sml, 
scr_bio_cutter_flame_glow, scr_bio_nozzle_fill_glow, water_splash_ped_bubbles, ptfx_bubbles_trail_anim, scr_bio_nozzle_glow_lit, scr_bio_flare_fill_glow, 
scr_tunnel_vent_bubbles, scr_bio_singe_glow_lit, water_gen_bubble_plume, scr_bio_flare_glow_lit, scr_bio_nozzle_bubbles, scr_bio_grille_bubbles, 
ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, scr_bio_grille_cutting, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_bio_break_bubbles, scr_bio_grille_singed, scr_bio_break_cinders, scr_bio_singe_bubbles, 
scr_bio_cutter_nozzle, cs_fam5_pool_splash2, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, cs_fam5_pool_splash1, scr_bio_nozzle_flare, scr_bio_grille_break, scr_bio_grill_sparks, 
scr_bio_cutter_flame, muz_shotgun_glow_lit, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, bul_carmetal_sparks, bul_carmetal_impact, scr_bio_flare_flash, scr_bio_flare_mist, 
scr_bio_singe_glow, muz_assault_flare, bul_carmetal_dust, muz_assault_rifle, ped_talk_bubbles, scr_fbi5_dry_ice, scr_fbi5_smoke_L

scr_fbi5b = ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_nose

scr_finale1 = ent_ray_tanker_petrol_sm_splash, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_collide, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_splash, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_spray, 
ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_core, ent_ray_fin_petrol_splash,  RGBA_lit_soft, scr_fin_env_trev_cinders, scr_fin_car_spray_splash, 
scr_fin_fire_petrol_trev, scr_fin_env_trev_debris, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_fin_trev_car_impact, scr_fin_car_spray_fine, scr_fin_car_spray_dust, 
ent_amb_campfire_smoke, scr_fin_env_trev_smoke, ent_amb_campfire_flame, env_exp_chared_debris, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, 
ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, scr_fin_fire_flames2, scr_fin_env_trev_sky, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, ent_ray_finale1_fire, _explosion_fireball, muz_pistol_glow_lit, 
scr_fin_fire_flames, scr_fin_fire_smoke, scr_fin_fire_glow, muz_pistol_flare

scr_finale2 = blood_entry_blood_squib, scr_finale2_blood_entry, blood_entry_blood_dir, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_blood_squibs, blood_entry_dust

scr_jewelheist = scr_jew_wheel_burnout_plume, ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris, scr_jewel_cab_dust_fine, scr_jewel_haze_ceiling, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, scr_jewel_cab_shards, scr_jew_bike_burnout, scr_jewel_cab_smash, scr_jewel_cab_dust

scr_nicehseheist2c = scr_nicehseheist2c

scr_portoflsheist = scr_bio_flare_fill_glow, scr_pls_sub_water_drips, scr_bigscore_rpg_trail, scr_bio_flare_glow_lit, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_bio_flare_flash, scr_ex2_rpg_chunky, scr_bio_flare_mist, scr_ex2_rpg_flare, scr_ex2_rpg_smoke, scr_portoflsheist, scr_ex2_rpg_glow

scr_rcextreme2 = scr_extrm2_moving_cloud_lower, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, scr_rcext2_vortex_shards, 
scr_rcext2_ramp_sparks_r, scr_rcext2_vortex_smoke, scr_extrm2_moving_cloud, scr_rcext2_ramp_smoke_r, scr_extrm4_water_splash, scr_rcext2_ramp_sparks, 
ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, scr_extrm4_water_blood, scr_rcext2_cargo_smoke, scr_rcext2_ramp_glow_r, scr_rcext2_ramp_scrape, scr_extrm4_blood_mist, 
scr_rcext2_ramp_smoke, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_rcext2_ramp_glow, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, scr_extrm4_ws_burst, scr_extrm4_ws_plume, ptfx_white_wash_uni, 
scr_extrm4_ws_spike, scr_extrm4_ws_ring, ptfx_water_spike

scr_agencyheistb = scr_agency3b_heli_trails_smoke, scr_agency3b_heli_trails_fire, ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris_s, scr_agency3b_heli_base_smoke, 
scr_agency3b_heli_core_rise, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, scr_agency3b_chopper_billow, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, 
ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris, scr_agency3b_heli_exp_trail, scr_agency3b_proj_rpg_trail, scr_agency3b_chopper_smoke, 
scr_agency3b_wood_splinter, scr_agency3b_shot_chopper, scr_agency3b_heli_hot_deb, scr_agency3b_blding_flare, scr_agency3b_blding_smoke, 
scr_agency3b_linger_smoke, scr_atrium_glass_nuggets, scr_agency3b_wood_debris, scr_agency3b_blding_glow, scr_agency3b_heli_debris, scr_agency3b_blding_mist, 
scr_agency3b_wood_planks, scr_agency3b_heli_spears, _explosion_fireball_rgba, scr_agency3b_heli_shock, scr_atrium_glass_shards, scr_agency_atrium_glass, 
scr_agency3b_heli_spawn, scr_agency3b_wood_dots, ptfx_model_metal_panel, scr_agency_atrium_silt, scr_agency3b_wood_core, ent_sht_electrical_box, 
ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, sp_fbi_collapse_centre, scr_atrium_silt_debris, sp_fbi_collapse_debris, scr_agency3b_heli_glow, scr_agency3b_heli_expl, 
scr_env_agency3b_smoke, scr_agency3b_heli_core, scr_atrium_silt_start, env_exp_chared_debris, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_atrium_glass_dust, 
ptfx_windscreen_sheet, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, scr_atrium_silt_spawn, scr_agency3b_elec_box, scr_atrium_silt_vert, scr_agency_door_haze, scr_agency3b_heli_sp, 
sp_fbi_collapse_bits, sp_fbi_collapse_dust,  proj_grenade_trail, ptfx_smoke_spikes, ptfx_ribbon_smoke, weap_gren_trails, scr_agencyheistb

scr_agencyheist = rm_torn_paper_1, rm_torn_paper_2, scr_fbi_build_exp_trail_smoke, scr_fbi_build_exp_trail_fire, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, 
scr_env_agency3a_arrive_deb, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, scr_fbi_ground_falling_bits, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_c, 
ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris, ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, scr_fbi_ground_vert_debris, env_agency3a_arrive_debris, 
scr_agency3a_door_hvy_trig, scr_agency3a_door_hvy_stat, ent_amb_fbi_smoke_landing, scr_fbi_build_exp_hot_deb, env_agency3a_arrive_smoke, 
scr_atrium_glass_nuggets, scr_fbi_build_exp_spears, scr_fbi_build_exp_debris, env_smoke_fbi_stairs,_explosion_fireball_rgba, scr_fbi_falling_flamers, 
scr_fib_falling_cinders, scr_fbi_dd_breach_flame, scr_atrium_glass_shards, scr_fbi_dd_breach_smoke, scr_fbi_build_exp_spawn, scr_agency_atrium_glass, 
scr_fbi_falling_rubble, scr_fbi_ext_smoke_core, scr_fbi_build_exp_glow, scr_fbi_falling_debris, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, scr_fbi_build_exp_core, 
scr_fbi_dd_smoke_sides, scr_fbi_rooftop_smoke2, ptfx_model_metal_panel, scr_fbi_rooftop_smoke, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_atrium_glass_dust, 
scr_fbi_ground_debris, scr_fbi_ext_smoke_end, scr_fbi_falling_paper, ptfx_model_paper_torn, ptfx_windscreen_sheet, scr_fbi_build_exp_sp, scr_fbi_falling_dust, 
scr_fbi_exp_building, scr_fbi_ground_dust, scr_fbi_mop_squeeze, scr_fbi_dd_smokeM_H, scr_fbi_ext_rooftop, scr_fbi_dd_cinders, scr_fbi_falling_3D, 
ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, scr_fbi_ext_flame, scr_fbi_mop_drips, scr_fbi_dd_smokeR, ptfx_smoke_spikes, scr_fbi_ext_blaze

scr_finale1 = ent_ray_tanker_petrol_sm_splash, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_collide, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_splash, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_spray, 
ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ent_ray_tanker_petrol_core, ent_ray_fin_petrol_splash, RGBA_lit_soft, scr_fin_env_trev_cinders, scr_fin_car_spray_splash,
scr_fin_fire_petrol_trev, scr_fin_env_trev_debris, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_fin_trev_car_impact, scr_fin_car_spray_fine, scr_fin_car_spray_dust, 
ent_amb_campfire_smoke, scr_fin_env_trev_smoke, ent_amb_campfire_flame, env_exp_chared_debris, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, 
ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, scr_fin_fire_flames2, scr_fin_env_trev_sky, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, ent_ray_finale1_fire, _explosion_fireball, muz_pistol_glow_lit, 
scr_fin_fire_flames, scr_fin_fire_smoke, scr_fin_fire_glow, muz_pistol_flare

scr_finale2 = blood_entry_blood_squib, scr_finale2_blood_entry, blood_entry_blood_dir, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_blood_squibs, blood_entry_dust, 
blood_spray_dir

scr_familyscenem = cs_mich1_lighter_sparks_impact, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, cs_mich1_lighter_flame_glow, scr_meth_pipe_smoke_cloud, 
scr_pts_spade_dirt_chunks, scr_meth_pipe_smoke_resid, ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame, scr_fam_door_smoke_cloud, scr_pts_vomit_vomit_dust, scr_pts_gardner_watering, 
scr_pts_vomit_vomit_bits, scr_pts_headsplash_trev, scr_pts_spade_dirt_core, ptfx_water_dripping_rgb, scr_tracey_puke_collide, scr_smoke_grenade_cloud, 
scr_pts_spade_dirt_dust, cs_mich1_lighter_sparks, scr_pts_spade_dirt_bits, scr_meth_pipe_smoke_jet, scr_smoke_grenade_resid, cs_mich1_lighter_flame, 
ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour, ptfx_ribbon_water_pour, scr_fam_moonshine_pour, scr_tracey_puke_splash, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_pts_gardener_pour, 
scr_trev_puke_collide, scr_smoke_grenade_jet, scr_pts_flush_bubbles, scr_trev_puke_splash, scr_car_puke_collide, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, scr_tracey_puke_bits, 
scr_pts_headsplash1, liquid_splash_water, scr_meth_pipe_smoke, scr_pts_dirt_chunks, _explosion_fireball, scr_car_puke_splash, scr_pts_vomit_water, 
scr_pts_footsplash, scr_fam_door_smoke, scr_trev_puke_bits, scr_pts_headsplash, scr_fam_bong_smoke, scr_pts_dirt_core, scr_pts_dirt_dust, scr_pts_dirt_bits, 
scr_trev_amb_puke, scr_car_puke_col, scr_familyscenem

scr_bigscore = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_bigscore_tyre_debris, scr_bigscore_ramp_sparks, scr_bigscore_tyre_spiked, scr_bigscore_tyre_cloud, 
scr_bigscore_ramp_smoke, scr_bigscore_tyre_glow, ptfx_ribbon_water_pour, scr_bigscore_rpg_trail, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, 
liquid_splash_water, ent_amb_pee_collide, scr_bigscore_peeing, scr_ex2_rpg_chunky, scr_ex2_rpg_flare, scr_ex2_rpg_smoke, liquid_splash_pee, 
ent_amb_pee_pour, scr_ex2_rpg_glow

scr_josh3 = ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, exp_grd_petrol_pump_spawn, scr_josh3_light_explosion, _explosion_fireball_rgba, scr_josh3_exp_core_rise, 
exp_grd_pp_trails_smoke, ptfx_model_coins_leaves, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_josh3_house_smoked, explosion_trails_smoke, ptfx_model_metal_panel, 
exp_grd_pp_trails_fire, explosion_trails_fire, scr_josh3_fires_smoke, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_josh3_fires_flame, scr_josh3_light_glow, 
scr_josh3_exp_debris, scr_josh3_exp_leaves, scr_josh3_fires_glow, scr_josh3_exp_spears, rm_leaf_1, scr_josh3_debris_sp, rm_leaf_2, scr_josh3_explosion, 
scr_josh3_exp_glow, scr_josh3_exp_core, ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, scr_josh3_cinders

scr_lamar1 = scr_lamar1_door_breach_debris, scr_lamar1_door_breach_smoke, scr_lamar1_door_breach_core, scr_lamar1_door_breach_glow, 
ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_lamar1_fire_spread1, scr_lamar1_spread_smoke, scr_lamar1_spread_flame, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_lamar1_fire_spread, 
scr_lamar1_door_breach, scr_lamar1_fire_light, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, _test_smoke_sheet_6, _test_glow_flat_rgb, _explosion_fireball

scr_lester1a = ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_nose

scr_martin1 = scr_sol1_crash_impact_shards, ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_sol1_plane_decals_loop, scr_sol1_plane_flames_loop, 
scr_sol1_crash_impact_dust, scr_sol1_plane_billow_loop, scr_sol1_plane_smoke_loop, scr_sol1_plane_crash_dust, scr_sol1_sniper_glow_lit, 
scr_sol1_planeDust_trail, sp_sol1_wreck_smoke_body, scr_sol1_plane_glow_loop, scr_sol1_sniper_popdust, scr_sol1_plane_spawner, scr_sol1_sniper_impact, 
scr_sol1_sniper_chunks, scr_sol1_engine_shards, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, scr_sol1_plane_billow, scr_sol1_plane_flames, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, scr_sol1_plane_decals, scr_sol1_plane_smoke, scr_sol1_plane_fire3, scr_sol1_plane_fire2, scr_sol1_plane_fire1, scr_sol1_sniper_dust, 
sp_sol1_wreck_smoke1, scr_sol1_snip_sparks, scr_sol1_plane_fire4, scr_sol1_plane_wreck, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, scr_sol1_plane_glow, 
sp_sol1_wreck_haze, scr_sol1_oil_jet

scr_michael2 = scr_abattoir_ped_slice_splashes, scr_abattoir_ped_slice_source, scr_abattoir_ped_slice_impact, scr_abattoir_ped_slice_parts, 
ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, scr_mich2_blood_stab_squib, scr_mich2_blood_stab_dust, scr_abattoir_ped_splashes, 
scr_mich2_blood_stab_col, scr_mich2_blood_stab_dir, scr_sol1_sniper_popdust, sc_mich2_blood_stab_col, scr_abattoir_ped_minced, scr_abattoir_ped_chunks, 
scr_abattoir_ped_source, scr_abattoir_ped_impact, scr_abattoir_ped_sliced, ptfx_water_dripping_rgb, scr_sol1_sniper_chunks, scr_sol1_sniper_impact, 
scr_mich2_spark_impact, scr_mich2_acid_splash2, scr_mich2_acid_splash1, scr_abattoir_ped_parts, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_sol1_sniper_dust, 
scr_sol1_snip_sparks, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, scr_acid_bath_splash, scr_mich2_blood_stab, scr_pts_headsplash1, scr_pts_headsplash, 
ptfx_blood_squibs, ptfx_blood_spray

scr_obfoundrycauldron = scr_fin3a_foundry_steam_glow, scr_obfoundry_cauldron_steam, scr_fin3a_foundry_cinders, scr_fin3a_foundry_steam, 
scr_obfoundrycauldron, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim

scr_oddjobassassinmulti = scr_oddjobassassinmulti

scr_oddjobbusassassin = scr_ojbusass_bus_impact, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_oddjobbusassassin, scr_ojba_blood_spike, scr_ojba_blood_mist, 
scr_ojba_blood_anim, ptfx_blood_spray

scr_oddjobtaxi = scr_ojtaxi_hotbox_window, scr_ojtaxi_hotbox_smoke, scr_ojtaxi_window_smoke, scr_ojtaxi_hotbox_trail, scr_ojtaxi_hotbox_door, 
scr_ojtaxi_door_smoke, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_ribbon_smoke

scr_oddjobtowtruck = scr_ojtt_train_sparks_front, scr_ojtt_train_glow_lit, scr_ojtt_train_sparks, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, scr_oddjobtowtruck

scr_oddjobtraffickingair = ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, scr_drug_grd_exp_base_smoke, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, 
ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris, scr_crate_drop_beacon_glow, scr_drug_grd_exp_core_rise, exp_grd_plane_trails_smoke, 
scr_mp_intro_plane_exhaust, fire_wrecked_car_residual, scr_ojdg4_water_core_rise, scr_drug_grd_train_exp_sp, fire_wrecked_heli_cinders, 
exp_grd_plane_trails_fire, scr_ojdg4_boat_wreck_fire, _explosion_fireball_rgba, fire_wrecked_car_cinders, scr_drug_traffic_flare_L, scr_drug_traffic_smoke_L, 
scr_oddjobtraffickingair, scr_drug_grd_exp_spears, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, fire_wrecked_heli_flame, scr_drug_traffic_mist_L, fire_wrecked_heli_smoke, 
fire_wrecked_car_flames, mp_intro_plane_exhaust, scr_boat_exp_smoke_end, explosion_trails_smoke, fire_wrecked_car_smoke, ptfx_model_metal_panel, 
scr_drug_traffic_smoke, scr_drug_grd_train_exp, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, scr_drug_grd_plane_exp, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_ojdg4_water_spike, 
scr_boat_trails_smoke, scr_ojdg4_water_shock, scr_boat_exp_glowcore, explosion_trails_fire, scr_drug_grd_exp_glow, scr_crate_drop_beacon, 
scr_boat_trails_spawn, scr_drug_traffic_glow, scr_crate_drop_source, scr_drug_traffic_mist, scr_drug_grd_exp_core, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, fire_wrecked_heli_ash, 
fire_wrecked_glow_lit, mp_intro_plane_smoke, fire_wrecked_car_ash, scr_crate_drop_flare, scr_ojdg4_water_base, scr_crate_drop_smoke, scr_ojdg4_water_glow, 
scr_ojdg4_water_mist, fire_wrecked_car_end, scr_boat_trails_fire, scr_ojdg4_train_fire, scr_boat_exp_debris, scr_boat_exp_sparks, scr_boat_exp_spikes, 
scr_crate_drop_mist, scr_drug_grd_exp_sp, scr_ojdg4_water_exp, exp_grd_plane_spawn, scr_crate_drop_glow, ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, scr_boat_exp_spawn, 
scr_boat_trails_sp, scr_ojdg4_boat_exp, ptfx_ribbon_smoke, scr_boat_exp_ball, ptfx_smoke_spikes, ptfx_water_spike

scr_oddjobtraffickingground = scr_oddjobtraffickingground, scr_ojdg5_barrels_bubbles, scr_drug_traffic_flare_L, scr_drug_traffic_smoke_L, 
scr_ojdg5_barrels_smoke, scr_drug_traffic_mist_L, scr_drug_traffic_flare, scr_drug_traffic_smoke, scr_drug_traffic_mist, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
scr_drug_traffic_glow, scr_ojdg5_barrels

scr_rcpaparazzo1 = scr_rcpap1_champ_splash, scr_rcpap1_camera_glow, scr_rcpap1_champ_slosh, scr_rcpap1_champ_burst, ptfx_ribbon_water_pour, 
scr_rcpap1_champ_pour, scr_rcpap1_camera, scr_rcpaparazzo1

scr_reburials = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, scr_reburials_dirt_debris, scr_reburials_dirt_base, 
scr_reburials_dirt_mist, scr_reburials_dirt_fine, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim

scr_reconstructionaccident = scr_reconstruct_pipefall_debris_dust, scr_reconstruct_pipefalldebris_dust

scr_recrash_rescue = scr_recrash_engine_smoke, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, scr_recrash_engine_fire, scr_recrash_rescue_fire, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
scr_recrash_rescue, scr_recrash_light

scr_solomon3 = scr_trev4_747_engine_splashes, scr_trev4_747_engine_heathaze, ptfx_sprite, scr_trev4_747_blood_splashes, scr_trev4_747_engine_impact, 
scr_trev4_747_engine_chunks, scr_trev4_747_engine_debris, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, scr_trev4_747_engine_damage, scr_trev4_747_blood_impact, 
scr_trev4_747_blood_chunks, scr_trev4_747_damage_smoke, scr_trev4_747_damage_trail, scr_trev4_exhaust_misfire, scr_trev4_exhaust_sparks, 
scr_trev4_engine_shards, scr_trev4_trailer_smoke, scr_trev4_trailer_flame, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, scr_trev4_trailer_fire, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_ribbon_smoke, scr_trev4_747_exhaust_plane_misfire, scr_trev4_747_blood_splash

scr_minigametennis = scr_tennis_ball_trail

ent_extinguisher = ptfx_model_metal_shard, ent_sht_extinguisher_water_collide, ent_sht_extinguisher_water_splash

ent_fires = ent_amb_torch_fire_glow_lit, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_cinder, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_flame, ent_amb_torch_fire_flames, ent_amb_int_fireplace_fil, 
ent_amb_torch_fire_trail, ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_glow, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, ent_amb_fbi_fire_cinder, ent_amb_campfire_flame, 
ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, ent_amb_fbi_fire_flame, ent_amb_campfire_smoke, ent_amb_beach_campfire, ent_amb_int_fireplace, ent_amb_fbi_fire_glow, 
ent_amb_campfire_glow, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ent_amb_candle_flame, ent_amb_candle_glow, ent_amb_barrel_fire, ent_amb_torch_fire, ent_amb_fire_ring, 
ptfx_ribbon_fire

wpn_generic = ptfx_model_shotgun_shell, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, muz_minigun_glow_centre, ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour, weap_petrol_can_trail, weap_extinguisher_jet, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, muz_shotgun_glow_lit, eject_heli_gun_smoke, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, eject_shotgun_smoke, sp_petrolcan_splash, 
muz_pistol_silencer, muz_rpg_glow_centre, eject_minigun_smoke, muz_pistol_glow_lit, muz_shotgun_sparks, eject_pistol_smoke, muz_alternate_star, muz_shotgun_smoke, 
muz_minigun_smoke, muz_assault_flare, weap_extinguisher, muz_assault_rifle, muz_pistol_flare, muz_minigun_core, muz_rpg_glow_lit, muz_smg_glow_lit, 
muz_shotgun_core, muz_minigun_fill, eject_auto_smoke, eject_shotgun_3D, ptfx_liquid_pour

wpn_melee = ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, blood_entry_blood_squib, ptfx_water_dripping_rgb, blood_stab_blood_squib, blood_throat_blood_dir, blood_entry_blood_dir, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, blood_stab_blood_dir, td_blood_melee_blunt, blood_m_blunt_blood, blood_shotgun_splat, blood_m_blunt_dust, 
blood_shotgun_dust, blood_throat_blood, blood_shotgun_seg, blood_throat_dust, blood_shotgun_dir, ptfx_blood_squibs, td_blood_shotgun, blood_entry_dust, 
ptfx_blood_spray

wpn_projectile = proj_flare_fuse_glow_lit, proj_grenade_smoke_line, weap_smoke_grenade_haze, proj_missile_underwater, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, 
proj_molot_flames_trail, proj_laser_player_flare, proj_flare_fuse_sparks, proj_laser_enemy_flare, weap_smoke_grenade_jet, proj_laser_player_glow, 
proj_molot_smoke_trail, ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, proj_tank_trail_smoke, proj_flare_fuse_burst, proj_molot_glow_trail, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, proj_laser_enemy_glow, 
proj_flare_fuse_smoke, roj_flare_fuse_smoke, proj_flare_fuse_haze, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_starbursts_rgb, proj_missile_smoke, proj_missile_flare, 
proj_grenade_smoke, proj_molotov_trail, proj_molotov_flame, proj_grenade_trail, weap_smoke_grenade, proj_missile_trail, proj_molot_flames, proj_laser_player, 
proj_missile_glow, ptfx_ribbon_smoke, proj_molot_smoke, proj_flare_smoke, proj_flare_burst, proj_flare_trail, proj_laser_enemy, RGB_soft_refract, weap_gren_trails

wpn_stungun = blood_stungun, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, blood_stungun_glow_lit, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, 
blood_stungun_arcs, bul_stungun_sparks, bul_stungun_smoke, muz_stungun_smoke, bul_stungun_metal, bul_stungun_arcs

scr_minigamegolf = scr_golf_landing_bunker_splash, scr_golf_strike_fairway_grass, scr_golf_strike_bunker_splash, scr_golf_landing_thick_grass2, 
scr_golf_strike_thick_grass2, scr_golf_landing_bunker_dust, scr_golf_strike_thick_grass1, scr_golf_landing_thick_grass, scr_golf_strike_bunker_dust, 
ptfx_multi_sheet_004_debris, scr_golf_strike_thick_grass, scr_golf_strike_fairway_bad, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_golf_strike_bad_grass, 
scr_golf_strike_bad_divot, scr_golf_ball_trail_line, scr_golf_landing_water2, ptfx_model_coins_leaves, scr_golf_landing_water1, scr_golf_landing_bunker,
ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse, scr_golf_strike_fairway, scr_golf_landing_water, scr_golf_strike_bunker, ent_anim_cig_glow_lit, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_golf_hit_branches, scr_golf_tee_perfect, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ptfx_model_golf_tee, rm_leaf_2, rm_leaf_1, scr_golf_ball_trail, 
ent_anim_cig_smoke, ptfx_ribbon_smoke, scr_minigamegolf

scr_mp_cig = ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth_car, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse_car, ent_anim_cig_glow_lit_car, ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse, 
ent_anim_cig_smoke_car, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ent_anim_cig_glow_lit, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ent_anim_cig_smoke

scr_mp_controller = ent_amb_elec_crackle_glow_lit, ent_amb_elec_crackle_sparks, ptfx_model_multi_objects_01, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, 
ent_amb_elec_crackle_smoke, ent_amb_elec_crackle_arcs, ent_dst_cardboard_debris, ent_anim_cig_exhale_mth, ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, ent_anim_cig_exhale_nse, 
ent_dst_cardboard_dots, ent_dst_cardboard_bits, ent_anim_cig_glow_lit, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ent_anim_cig_smoke, 
scr_mp_generic_dst, scr_mp_controller, ent_dst_conc_core, scr_mp_drug_dust

scr_mp_creator = scr_mp_plane_landing_tyre_smoke, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, scr_mp_intro_plane_exhaust, scr_mp_dust_cloud_dots, mp_intro_plane_exhaust, 
scr_mp_dust_cloud_dust, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, mp_intro_plane_smoke, scr_mp_dust_cloud

scr_mp_house = cs_mich1_lighter_sparks_impact, cs_mich1_lighter_flame_glow, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ent_amb_shower_room_steam, scr_mp_int_fireplace_sml, 
ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame, cs_mich1_lighter_sparks, scr_sh_cig_exhale_mouth, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, scr_sh_cig_exhale_nose, cs_mich1_lighter_flame, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_sh_lighter_sparks, ent_amb_shower_steam, ent_amb_shower_water, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, scr_sh_lighter_flame, 
ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, scr_bong_smoke_out, cs_cig_exhale_nose, scr_sh_bong_smoke, scr_sh_cig_smoke

veh_downwash = ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, veh_downwash_dust_2, veh_downwash_2, veh_downwash, downforce 

cut_humane_fin = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, exp_grd_plane_trails_smoke, exp_grd_plane_trails_fire, exp_grd_plane_base_smoke, 
_explosion_fireball_rgba, explosion_hot_debrissss, exp_grd_plane_core_rise,, ptfx_model_metal_panel, explosion_trails_smoke, exp_hum_fin_heli_spawn, 
wheel_fric_hard_dusty, explosion_trails_fire, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, exp_grd_plane_hot_deb, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, exp_grd_plane_debris, exp_grd_plane_spears, 
ped_foot_dusty_curl, exp_hum_fin_heli_sp, exp_grd_plane_spawn, exp_grd_plane_glow, exp_grd_glow_large, exp_grd_plane_core, ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, 
exp_grd_base_smoke, ptfx_smoke_spikes, exp_hum_fin_heli, exp_grd_plane_sp, explosion_debris, explosion_spears

cut_humane_key = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, blood_entry_blood_squib, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, 
blood_entry_blood_dir, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, bul_carmetal_sparks, muz_pistol_glow_lit, bul_carmetal_impact, eject_pistol_smoke, 
bul_carmetal_dust, ptfx_blood_squibs, muz_pistol_flare, blood_entry_dust, eject_pistol_3D, blood_spray_dir

cut_narcotic_bike = cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_bits, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dots, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dust, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, 
cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, cut_narcotic_bike

cut_narcotic_fin = cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_splash, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_spike, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_core, cs_fam5_water_splash_ped_out, 
cs_nar_fin_trevor_arm_drips, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_c, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash, 
ptfx_model_pistol_shell, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, cs_fam5_pool_splash1, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, cs_fam5_pool_splash2, muz_pistol_glow_lit, 
cs_fam2_ped_splash1, cs_fam2_ped_splash2, eject_pistol_smoke, cs_fam2_ped_splash, cs_splash_ped_out, muz_pistol_flare, cut_narcotic_fin, ptfx_water_spike

cut_pacific_fin = ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, water_boat_Dinghy_bow_jet, cs_pac_fin_skid_smoke, water_boat_dinghy_bow, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, water_boat_bow_mist, water_boat_prop_jet, bul_wood_splinter, water_boat_front, wheel_fric_tyre, wheel_fric_hard, 
water_boat_prop, water_boat_wash

cut_prison_break = cs_cig_glow_lit_outside, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_smoke_inhale, 
cs_cig_exhale_nose, cut_prison_break

fm_mission_controler = ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, fm_mission_controler, scr_drill_smoke_out, scr_drill_overheat,
scr_drill_sparks, scr_drill_debris, scr_drill_smoke

scr_biolab_heist = scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_fill_glow, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_glow_lit, scr_heist_biolab_flare, scr_heist_biolab_flare_underwater

scr_carrier_heist = scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_sp_sparks, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_sp_smoke, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_smoke, 
scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_sp_arcs, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_sp_glow, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_glow

scr_mp_tankbattle = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, _explosion_fireball_rgba, exp_tank_mp_debris_sm, exp_grd_tankshell_mp, exp_tank_mp_hot_deb, 
exp_tank_mp_debris, scr_mp_tankbattle, exp_tank_mp_core, ptfx_embers_rgb

scr_ornate_heist = scr_heist_ornate_thermal_sparks, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip_sp, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burst, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_glow, 
scr_heist_ornate_thermal_haze, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burn, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip, scr_heist_ornate_banknotes, sp_fbi_fire_trail_smoke, 
sp_fbi_fire_drip_trails, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_model_banknote, RGB_soft_refract, scr_ornate_heist

scr_prison_break_heist_station = scr_prison_break_heist_station, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, scr_brk_metal_lock_debris, scr_brk_metal_lock_sparks,
scr_brk_metal_lock_lit_2, scr_brk_metal_lock_dots, scr_brk_metal_lock_dust, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, _test_glow_flat_rgb, scr_brk_metal_lock

veh_mounted_turrets_car = ptfx_model_pistol_casing, eject_mounted_turret_technical, eject_turret_technical_smoke, bullet_tracer_turret_smoke, 
ptfx_model_pistol_shell, veh_mounted_turrets_car, eject_turret_technical, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, bullet_tracer_turret, 
eject_mounted_turret, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, muz_turret_glow_lit, ptfx_bullet_tracer, eject_turret_smoke, muz_mounted_turret

veh_mounted_turrets_heli = bullet_tracer_valkyrie, muz_valkyrie, muz_valkyrie_turret, eject_mounted_turret, eject_valkyrie, exp_grd_valkyrie_core_pillar, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, _explosion_fireball_rgba, muz_valkyrie_turret_core, 
veh_mounted_turrets_heli, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, exp_grd_gren_base_smoke, muz_valkyrie_glow_lit, exp_air_valkyrie_core, ptfx_model_shell_ends, 
exp_air_valkyrie_glow, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, muz_buzzard_glow_lit, eject_mounted_turret, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, eject_valkyrie_smoke, muz_turret_glow_lit, 
muz_valkyrie_turret, _test_smoke_sheet_6, muz_valkyrie_sparks, exp_grd_gren_debris, _explosion_fireball, exp_grd_gren_spears, muz_buzzard_sparks, 
ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, exp_grd_base_smoke, exp_grd_glow_small, eject_turret_smoke, muz_valkyrie_core, exp_grd_gren_core, exp_grd_debris_sm, 
ptfx_smoke_spikes, exp_grd_gren_glow, explosion_debris, explosion_spears, exp_air_valkyrie, muz_buzzard_core, exp_grd_valkyrie

wpn_flare = proj_heist_flare_fuse_glow_lit, proj_heist_flare_fuse_sparks, LOD, proj_heist_flare_fuse_burst, proj_heist_flare_burst, proj_heist_flare_smoke, 
proj_heist_flare_trail, proj_heist_flare_haze, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, RGB_soft_refract

proj_indep_firework_v2 = scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_leader_inner2, scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_leader_outer, scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_leader_inner,
scr_xmas_firework_burst_spiral_leader_r, scr_indep_firework_burst_repeat_leader3, scr_indep_firework_burst_repeat_leader2, 
scr_indep_firework_burst_repeat_leader, scr_xmas_firework_burst_leader_fizzle, scr_xmas_firework_burst_spiral_leader, scr_xmas_firework_burst_flare_fizzle, 
scr_firework_indep_repeat_burst_rwb, scr_xmas_firework_burst_flare_white, scr_firework_indep_spiral_burst_rwb, scr_xmas_firework_burst_flare_blue, LOD, 
scr_firework_indep_ring_burst_rwb, scr_xmas_firework_trail_smoke_red, scr_xmas_firework_burst_flare_red, scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_blue, 
scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_red, scr_firework_indep_burst_rwb, scr_xmas_firework_sparkle_spawn, scr_firework_indep_ring_burst_rwb, scr_xmas_firework_burst_fizzle

proj_xmas_firework = scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_leader_inner2, scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_leader_outer, scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_leader_inner, 
scr_xmas_firework_burst_spiral_leader_r, scr_xmas_firework_burst_repeat_leader2, scr_xmas_firework_burst_repeat_leader3, scr_xmas_firework_burst_repeat_leader, 
scr_xmas_firework_burst_spiral_leader, scr_firework_indep_spiral_burst_rwb, scr_xmas_firework_burst_flare_white, scr_xmas_firework_burst_flare_green,  
scr_firework_xmas_repeat_burst_rgw, scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_green, scr_firework_xmas_spiral_burst_rgw, scr_xmas_firework_burst_flare_red, 
scr_firework_indep_ring_burst_rwb, scr_xmas_firework_trail_smoke_red, scr_firework_xmas_ring_burst_rgw, scr_xmas_firework_burst_ring_red

proj_xmas_snowball = ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, proj_snowball_trail_chunks, proj_snowball_fuse_chunks, 
proj_snowball_fuse_drips, exp_air_snowball_debris, exp_grd_snowball_chunks, ptfx_water_dripping_rgb, proj_snowball_fuse_col, exp_grd_snowball_mist, 
exp_air_snowball_core, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, proj_snowball_trail, proj_snowball_fuse, proj_xmas_snowball, ptfx_bubbles_sheet, ptfx_ribbon_smoke, 
exp_grd_snowball, exp_air_snowball

proj_indep_firework = scr_indep_launcher_trail_smoke, scr_indep_launcher_burst_flash, scr_indep_launcher_burst_flare, proj_indep_flare_fuse_glow_lit,
proj_indep_flare_fuse_sparks, scr_indep_firework_grd_burst, scr_indep_firework_air_burst, proj_indep_flare_fuse_burst, proj_indep_flare_trail, 
proj_indep_flare_smoke, proj_indep_flare_burst, proj_indep_flare_haze, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, LOD, ptfx_starbursts_rgb, 
proj_indep_firework, RGB_soft_refract

scr_dlc_independence = proj_indep_flare_fuse_glow_lit, proj_indep_flare_fuse_sparks, RGB_soft_refract, proj_indep_flare_fuse_burst, proj_indep_flare_trail, 
proj_indep_flare_burst, proj_indep_flare_smoke, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, proj_indep_flare_haze, scr_dlc_independence, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb

scr_indep_fireworks = scr_indep_firework_trail_smoke2, scr_indep_firework_trail_sparks, scr_indep_firework_burst_flare, scr_indep_firework_trail_flare, 
scr_indep_firework_burst_flash, scr_indep_firework_burst_spawn, scr_indep_firework_trail_smoke, scr_indep_firework_trail_spawn, scr_indep_firework_trailburst, 
scr_indep_firework_starburst, scr_indep_firework_shotburst, scr_indep_firework_trail_sp, scr_indep_firework_burst_sp, scr_indep_firework_fountain, 
ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_starbursts_rgb, scr_indep_fireworks

scr_indep_parachute = mp_parachute_smoke_indep_trail_r, mp_parachute_smoke_indep_trail_b, mp_parachute_smoke_indep_trail, mp_parachute_indep_smoke_b, 
mp_parachute_indep_smoke_r, mp_parachute_indep_smoke, mp_parachute_smoke_indep

scr_indep_wheelsmoke = wheel_burnout_indep_lingering, wheel_burnout_indep_low_mist, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, wheel_fric_hard_Bike_indep, 
wheel_fric_hard_tank_indep, wheel_burnout_indep_plume, wheel_burnout_indep_disc, wheel_burnout_indep_pool, wheel_spin_chunks_indep, wheel_fric_tyre_indep_b, 
wheel_fric_tyre_indep_r, wheel_fric_tyre_indep, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, friction, wheel_fric_hard_indep, scr_indep_wheelsmoke, wheel_burnout_indep

wpn_indep_firework = muz_indep_fireworks_glow_centre, muz_indep_fireworks_glow_lit, muz_indep_fireworks_sparks, muz_indep_fireworks_smoke, 
muz_indep_fireworks_fill, muz_indep_fireworks_core, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, muz_indep_fireworks, wpn_indep_firework, muz_indep_firework

wpn_musket = muz_musket_ng, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, muz_musket_glow_lit, muz_musket_sparks, muz_musket_smoke, muz_musket_core

wpn_amrifle = ptfx_model_pistol_shell, ptfx_model_shell_ends, eject_sniper_amrifle, eject_sniper, wpn_amrifle

weap_revolver = eject_revolver

scr_biolab_lazer = ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, weap_rpg_lazer_chunky, weap_rpg_lazer_flare, weap_rpg_lazer_smoke, proj_rpg_lazer_trail, weap_rpg_lazer_glow, 
scr_biolab_lazer

scr_pilot_school_mp = ptfx_smoke_billow_anim_rgba, scr_veh_plane_gen_flames, scr_veh_plane_gen_damage, scr_veh_plane_gen_smoke, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, 
scr_pilot_school_mp

pat_heist = scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burn_patch

weap_lazer = bullet_tracer_lazer_smoke, bullet_tracer_lazer, ptfx_bullet_tracer

ent_int_map_water = ent_amb_sewer_drips_spawned_lg, ent_amb_sewer_drips_med_col, ent_amb_sewer_drips_spawned, ent_amb_sewer_drips_sm_col, 
ent_amb_sewer_drips_lg_col, ptfx_water_dripping_rgb, ent_amb_tnl_bubbles_sml, ent_amb_sewer_drips_med, ent_amb_tnl_bubbles_lge, ptfx_bubbles_trail_anim, 
ent_amb_jazuzzi_bubbles, ent_amb_sewer_drips_lg, ent_amb_sewer_drips_sm, ent_amb_bubble_stream, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ent_amb_jazuzzi_mist, ent_int_map_water

ent_map_water = ent_amb_int_waterfall_splash_spray, ent_amb_int_waterfall_splash_haze

ent_metal = ent_dst_metal_frag_glow_lit, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ent_dst_metal_frag_debris, ent_brk_metal_frag_sparks, ent_dst_metal_frag_l_part, 
ent_dst_metal_frag_sparks, ent_brk_metal_frag_debris, ent_brk_metal_frag_lit_2, ent_brk_metal_frag_dots, ptfx_model_metal_panel, _test_glow_flat_rgb, 
ent_dst_metal_frag, ent_brk_metal_frag

ent_pineapple = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ent_dst_pineapple_splash, ent_dst_pineapple_bits, ent_dst_pineapple_dust, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ent_dst_pineapple

ent_waterfall = ent_amb_waterfall_splash_haze_p, ent_amb_waterfall_splash_spray, ent_amb_waterfall_runoff_spray, ent_amb_river_splash_gen_spray, 
ent_amb_waterfall_splash_haze, ent_amb_river_splash_gen_haze, ent_amb_waterfall_splash_pool, ent_amb_waterfall_runoff_haze, ent_ray_train_wash_splash_02, 
ent_ray_train_wash_splash_03, ent_amb_waterfall_pool_spray, ent_ray_train_wash_splash_04, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ent_amb_river_mist_gen_haze, 
ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, ent_amb_waterfall_splash_p, ent_dst_water_spray_splash, ent_ray_train_wash_splash, 
ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, ent_dst_water_spray_fine, ent_amb_waterfall_runoff, ent_dst_water_spray_dust, ent_amb_river_splash_gen, ent_ray_train_water_wash, 
ent_amb_waterfall_splash, ent_dst_wet_sand_debris, ent_dst_gen_water_spray, ent_amb_river_mist_gen, ent_amb_waterfall_pool, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
ent_dst_wet_sand_base, ent_dst_wet_sand_fine, ent_dst_wet_sand_mist, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, ent_dst_wet_sand

veh_rc = fire_wrecked_rc_glow_lit, fire_wrecked_rc_flames, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, veh_wheel_puncture_rc, fire_wrecked_rc_end, 
veh_vent_rc_smoke

ent_insect_fly = ent_amb_fly_zapped_glow_lit, ent_amb_fly_zapped_spawned, ent_amb_fly_zapped_smoke, ent_amb_fly_zapped_spawn, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, 
ent_amb_fly_zapped, ent_amb_fly_swarm, ptfx_insects_rgb

ent_insects = ent_amb_butterflys_swarm, ent_amb_insect_swarm, ent_amb_insect_plane, ent_amb_moths_swarm, ent_amb_cockroaches, ptfx_insects_rgb

ent_commerce = ptfx_model_coins_leaves, ptfx_model_banknote, ent_brk_banknotes, ent_brk_s_coins, ent_brk_b_coins, ent_brk_coins, ent_commerce, ptfx_sprite

scr_paradise2_trailer = ptfx_model_multi_objects_04, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, scr_para_kick_blood_spike, scr_para_kick_blood_mist, scr_para_kick_blood_anim, _explosion_fireball_rgba, 
scr_prologue_door_blast, scr_pro_doors_fireball, ptfx_smoke_static_rgba, scr_pro_doors_glowcore, scr_paradise2_trailer, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_pro_doors_sparks, 
scr_pro_doors_clouds, scr_pro_doors_shards, scr_pro_doors_chunks, scr_pro_doors_smoke, scr_para_kick_blood, ptfx_blood_spray

ent_liquid_cont3 = ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ent_sht_water_tower_splash, ent_sht_water_tower_splash, ent_sht_water_tower_splash, ent_sht_water_tower_splash, ent_sht_water_tower_splash, ent_sht_water_tower_splash, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, ent_sht_water_tower_pour, ent_sht_water_tower_pour, ent_sht_water_tower_mist, ent_sht_water_tower_mist, ent_sht_water_tower_pour, ent_sht_water_tower_mist, ent_sht_water_tower_mist, ent_sht_water_tower_mist, ent_sht_water_tower_pour, ent_sht_water_tower_pour, ent_sht_water_tower_pour, ent_sht_water_tower_mist, ent_sht_water_tower_col, ent_sht_water_tower_col, ent_sht_water_tower_col, ent_sht_water_tower_col, ent_sht_water_tower_col, ent_sht_water_tower_col, ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour, ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour, ptfx_ribbon_water_pour, ptfx_ribbon_solid_pour, ent_sht_molten_splash, ent_sht_molten_splash, ent_sht_blood_collide, ent_sht_molten_liquid, ent_sht_blood_collide, ent_sht_molten_splash, ent_sht_blood_collide, ent_sht_molten_splash, ent_sht_blood_collide, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ent_sht_molten_spike, ent_sht_blood_splash, ent_sht_molten_spike, ent_sht_molten_spike, ent_sht_molten_cloud, ent_sht_molten_cloud, ent_sht_molten_cloud, ent_sht_blood_splash, ent_sht_molten_spike, ent_sht_molten_cloud, ent_sht_blood_splash, ent_sht_blood_splash, liquid_splash_water, ent_sht_beer_barrel, liquid_splash_blood, ent_sht_water_tower, liquid_splash_blood, liquid_splash_blood, liquid_splash_blood, liquid_splash_water, liquid_splash_water, liquid_splash_water, liquid_splash_water, liquid_splash_water, liquid_splash_blood, liquid_splash_blood, ent_sht_blood_pour, ent_sht_blood_pour, ent_sht_blood_pour, ent_sht_blood_pour, ent_liquid_cont3, ptfx_water_jets, ent_sht_blood, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_gloop, ptfx_trail, ptfx_trail, ptfx_trail, ptfx_gloop, ptfx_gloop, ptfx_gloop, ptfx_trail, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

ent_fires = ent_amb_torch_fire_glow_lit, ent_amb_torch_fire_glow_lit, ent_amb_torch_fire_glow_lit, ent_amb_torch_fire_glow_lit, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_cinder, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_cinder, ent_amb_torch_fire_flames, ent_amb_torch_fire_flames, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_flame, ent_amb_torch_fire_flames, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_flame, ent_amb_int_fireplace_fil, ent_amb_torch_fire_flames, ent_amb_int_fireplace_fil, ent_amb_torch_fire_trail, ent_amb_torch_fire_trail, ent_amb_torch_fire_trail, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_glow, ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame, ent_amb_fbi_fire_sm_glow, ptfx_ribbon_candle_flame, ent_amb_torch_fire_trail, ent_amb_fbi_fire_cinder, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, ent_amb_fbi_fire_cinder, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, ent_amb_campfire_smoke, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, ent_amb_campfire_flame, ent_amb_campfire_flame, ent_amb_fbi_fire_flame, ent_amb_beach_campfire, ent_amb_campfire_smoke, ent_amb_campfire_smoke, ent_amb_fbi_fire_flame, ent_amb_campfire_flame, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, ent_amb_campfire_smoke, ent_amb_campfire_flame, ent_amb_int_fireplace, ent_amb_fbi_fire_glow, ent_amb_fbi_fire_glow, ent_amb_campfire_glow, ent_amb_int_fireplace, ent_amb_campfire_glow, ent_amb_int_fireplace, ent_amb_int_fireplace, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ent_amb_int_fireplace, ent_amb_campfire_glow, ent_amb_int_fireplace, ent_amb_campfire_glow, ent_amb_candle_flame, ent_amb_candle_flame, ent_amb_candle_flame, ent_amb_candle_flame, ent_amb_candle_flame, ent_amb_candle_glow, ent_amb_barrel_fire, ent_amb_candle_glow, ent_amb_candle_glow, ent_amb_candle_glow, ent_amb_torch_fire, ent_amb_fire_ring, ptfx_ribbon_fire, ptfx_ribbon_fire, ptfx_embers_rgb, amb_fire_flame, amb_fire_flame, ptfx_glow_rgb, amb_fire_disc, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, amb_fire_disc, ptfx_glow_rgb, amb_fire_disc, amb_fire_disc, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_trail, ptfx_trail, ent_fires, fty_flame, fty_flame, RGBA_lit, RGB_soft, RGB_soft, RGB_soft, RGB_soft, RGBA, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

wpn_flare = proj_heist_flare_fuse_glow_lit, proj_heist_flare_fuse_glow_lit, proj_heist_flare_fuse_glow_lit, proj_heist_flare_fuse_glow_lit, proj_heist_flare_fuse_sparks, proj_heist_flare_fuse_sparks, proj_heist_flare_fuse_sparks, proj_heist_flare_fuse_sparks, proj_heist_flare_fuse_burst, proj_heist_flare_fuse_burst, proj_heist_flare_fuse_burst, proj_heist_flare_fuse_burst, proj_heist_flare_burst, proj_heist_flare_smoke, proj_heist_flare_smoke, proj_heist_flare_smoke, proj_heist_flare_trail, proj_heist_flare_burst, proj_heist_flare_smoke, proj_heist_flare_haze, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, proj_heist_flare_haze, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, RGB_soft_refract, ptfx_heathaze_n, ptfx_embers_rgb, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, wpn_flare, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

veh_mounted_turrets_heli = ptfx_model_pistol_casing, exp_grd_valkyrie_core_pillar, exp_grd_valkyrie_core_pillar, exp_grd_valkyrie_core_pillar, exp_grd_valkyrie_core_pillar, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, _explosion_fireball_rgba, muz_valkyrie_turret_core, veh_mounted_turrets_heli, muz_valkyrie_turret_core, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, exp_grd_gren_base_smoke, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, exp_grd_gren_base_smoke, muz_valkyrie_glow_lit, muz_valkyrie_glow_lit, exp_air_valkyrie_core, exp_air_valkyrie_core, ptfx_model_shell_ends, exp_air_valkyrie_glow, exp_air_valkyrie_glow, exp_air_valkyrie_glow, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, muz_valkyrie_glow_lit, muz_valkyrie_glow_lit, exp_air_valkyrie_core, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, exp_air_valkyrie_glow, exp_air_valkyrie_core, muz_buzzard_glow_lit, eject_mounted_turret, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, muz_buzzard_glow_lit, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, eject_valkyrie_smoke, eject_valkyrie_smoke, eject_valkyrie_smoke, eject_valkyrie_smoke, muz_turret_glow_lit, muz_turret_glow_lit, muz_valkyrie_turret, _test_smoke_sheet_6, muz_valkyrie_sparks, muz_turret_glow_lit, exp_grd_gren_debris, muz_valkyrie_turret, muz_valkyrie_sparks, muz_valkyrie_sparks, muz_turret_glow_lit, _explosion_fireball, exp_grd_gren_debris, muz_valkyrie_sparks, exp_grd_gren_spears, muz_valkyrie_turret, muz_valkyrie_turret, exp_grd_gren_spears, muz_valkyrie_turret, muz_buzzard_sparks, ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, muz_buzzard_sparks, exp_grd_base_smoke, exp_grd_glow_small, eject_turret_smoke, exp_grd_base_smoke, eject_turret_smoke, eject_turret_smoke, eject_turret_smoke, exp_grd_glow_small, muz_valkyrie_core, exp_grd_gren_core, exp_grd_debris_sm, exp_grd_gren_core, ptfx_smoke_spikes, exp_grd_gren_glow, exp_grd_gren_core, exp_grd_debris_sm, muz_valkyrie_core, muz_valkyrie_core, exp_grd_gren_core, exp_grd_debris_sm, exp_grd_debris_sm, muz_valkyrie_core, exp_grd_gren_glow, explosion_debris, explosion_spears, exp_air_valkyrie, muz_buzzard_core, exp_grd_valkyrie, explosion_debris, explosion_spears, muz_buzzard_core, muz_turret_core, muz_turret_core, eject_valkyrie, eject_valkyrie, ptfx_muzzle_02, eject_valkyrie, eject_valkyrie, ptfx_muzzle_02, LOD, , , eject_valkyrie, ptfx_glow_rgb, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, eject_turret, eject_turret, RGB_lit_soft, muz_valkyrie, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, eject_turret, eject_turret, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_rubble, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGB_lit, RGB_lit, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

veh_mounted_turrets_car = eject_mounted_turret_technical, eject_turret_technical_smoke, eject_turret_technical_smoke, bullet_tracer_turret_smoke, bullet_tracer_turret_smoke, bullet_tracer_turret_smoke, bullet_tracer_turret_smoke, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, veh_mounted_turrets_car, eject_turret_technical, eject_turret_technical, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, bullet_tracer_turret, eject_mounted_turret, bullet_tracer_turret, bullet_tracer_turret, bullet_tracer_turret, bullet_tracer_turret, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, muz_turret_glow_lit, muz_turret_glow_lit, muz_turret_glow_lit, muz_turret_glow_lit, ptfx_bullet_tracer, eject_turret_smoke, eject_turret_smoke, ptfx_bullet_tracer, eject_turret_smoke, eject_turret_smoke, eject_turret_smoke, muz_mounted_turret, muz_turret_core, muz_turret_core, muz_turret_core, muz_turret_core, ptfx_muzzle_02, ptfx_muzzle_02, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, eject_turret, eject_turret, eject_turret, eject_turret, eject_turret, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, muz_turret, muz_turret, muz_turret, muz_turret, RGBA_lit, RGB_lit, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

scr_prison_break_heist_station = scr_prison_break_heist_station, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, scr_brk_metal_lock_debris, scr_brk_metal_lock_debris, scr_brk_metal_lock_sparks, scr_brk_metal_lock_debris, scr_brk_metal_lock_sparks, scr_brk_metal_lock_sparks, scr_brk_metal_lock_sparks, scr_brk_metal_lock_debris, scr_brk_metal_lock_lit_2, scr_brk_metal_lock_lit_2, scr_brk_metal_lock_lit_2, scr_brk_metal_lock_lit_2, scr_brk_metal_lock_dots, scr_brk_metal_lock_dots, scr_brk_metal_lock_dots, scr_brk_metal_lock_dust, scr_brk_metal_lock_dust, scr_brk_metal_lock_dust, scr_brk_metal_lock_dust, scr_brk_metal_lock_dots, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, _test_glow_flat_rgb, scr_brk_metal_lock, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_rubble, ptfx_sprite, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

scr_ornate_heist = scr_heist_ornate_thermal_sparks, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_sparks, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_sparks, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_sparks, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip_sp, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip_sp, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burst, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burst, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burst, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip_sp, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burst, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burst, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip_sp, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip_sp, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip_sp, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_glow, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_glow, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_haze, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_glow, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_glow, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_burn, scr_heist_ornate_thermal_haze, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip, scr_heist_ornate_metal_drip, scr_heist_ornate_banknotes, scr_heist_ornate_banknotes, scr_heist_ornate_banknotes, scr_heist_ornate_banknotes, scr_heist_ornate_banknotes, sp_fbi_fire_trail_smoke, sp_fbi_fire_drip_trails, sp_fbi_fire_trail_smoke, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_model_banknote, ptfx_model_banknote, ptfx_model_banknote, RGB_soft_refract, scr_ornate_heist, ptfx_heathaze_n, ptfx_embers_rgb, ptfx_fire_tail, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, RGB_soft, RGB_soft, RGBA_lit, DIE_OFF, DIE_OFF, DIE_OFF, DieOff, DieOff, DieOff, DieOff, DieOff, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

scr_mp_tankbattle = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, _explosion_fireball_rgba, exp_tank_mp_debris_sm, exp_tank_mp_debris_sm, exp_tank_mp_debris_sm, exp_tank_mp_debris_sm, exp_grd_tankshell_mp, exp_tank_mp_hot_deb, exp_tank_mp_hot_deb, exp_tank_mp_hot_deb, exp_tank_mp_hot_deb, exp_tank_mp_debris, exp_tank_mp_debris, exp_tank_mp_debris, exp_tank_mp_debris, scr_mp_tankbattle, exp_tank_mp_core, exp_tank_mp_core, exp_tank_mp_core, exp_tank_mp_core, ptfx_embers_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_rubble, ptfx_sprite, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

scr_carrier_heist = scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_sp, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire_sp, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire, scr_heist_carrier_elec_fire, ptfx_sparks_arcing_anim, ptfx_flipbook_fire1_rgb, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_carrier_heist, ptfx_glow_rgb, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_glow, RGBA_soft, RGB_soft, RGBA, RGB_soft, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

scr_biolab_heist = scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_flash, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_flash, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_flash, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_flash, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_uw_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_smoke, scr_heist_biolab_flare_smoke, scr_heist_biolab_flare_smoke, scr_heist_biolab_flare_smoke, scr_heist_biolab_flare_glow, scr_heist_biolab_flare_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_glow, scr_heist_biolab_flare_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_mist, scr_heist_biolab_flare_glow, scr_heist_biolab_flare_glow, P, ¡, P,  àP, $ðP, OpP, :pP, P, scr_heist_biolab_flare, scr_heist_biolab_flare, scr_heist_biolab_flare, ptfx_flipbook_fire_rgb, scr_heist_biolab_flare, scr_heist_biolab_flare, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, scr_biolab_heist, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_glow, ptfx_glow, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

fm_mission_controler = ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, fm_mission_controler, scr_drill_smoke_out, scr_drill_smoke_out, scr_drill_smoke_out, scr_drill_smoke_out, scr_drill_overheat, scr_drill_sparks, scr_drill_sparks, scr_drill_sparks, scr_drill_sparks, scr_drill_debris, scr_drill_debris, scr_drill_debris, scr_drill_debris, scr_drill_debris, scr_drill_sparks, scr_drill_sparks, scr_drill_smoke, scr_drill_smoke, scr_drill_smoke, scr_drill_smoke, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, scr_drill_out, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, power, power, power, heat, heat, heat

cut_prison_break = cs_cig_glow_lit_outside, cs_cig_glow_lit_outside, cs_cig_glow_lit_outside, cs_cig_glow_lit_outside,ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_cig_smoke_sheet, ptfx_ribbon_gen_test, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_smoke_inhale, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_mouth, cs_cig_exhale_nose, cs_cig_exhale_nose, cs_cig_exhale_nose, cut_prison_break, cs_cig_glow_lit, cs_cig_glow_lit, cs_cig_glow_lit, cs_cig_glow_lit, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_glow_rgb, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_glow_rgb, cs_cig_smoke, cs_cig_smoke, cs_cig_smoke, cs_cig_smoke, cs_cig_trail, cs_cig_smoke, cs_cig_trail, cs_cig_trail, cs_cig_trail, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_trail, RGBA_lit, inhale, inhale, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

cut_pacific_fin = ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, water_boat_Dinghy_bow_jet, water_boat_Dinghy_bow_jet, water_boat_Dinghy_bow_jet, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, water_boat_Dinghy_bow_jet, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet, cs_pac_fin_skid_smoke, cs_pac_fin_skid_smoke, cs_pac_fin_skid_smoke, water_boat_dinghy_bow, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, cs_pac_fin_skid_smoke, water_boat_Dinghy_bow, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, cs_pac_fin_skid_smoke, water_boat_Dinghy_bow, water_boat_bow_mist, water_boat_bow_mist, water_boat_prop_jet, water_boat_bow_mist, water_boat_prop_jet, water_boat_bow_mist, water_boat_prop_jet, water_boat_prop_jet, bul_wood_splinter, water_boat_front, water_boat_front, water_boat_front, water_boat_front, wheel_fric_tyre, wheel_fric_hard, wheel_fric_tyre, ptfx_water_jets, bul_wood_debris, bul_wood_debris, bul_wood_debris, wheel_fric_tyre, water_boat_prop, water_boat_wash, water_boat_wash, cut_pacific_fin, bul_wood_debris, water_boat_prop, wheel_fric_tyre, water_boat_wash, ptfx_water_jets, water_boat_wash, water_boat_wash, water_boat_prop, water_boat_prop, water_boat_prop, bul_wood_plume, bul_wood_plume, bul_wood_plume, water_boat_bow, water_boat_bow, bul_wood_plume, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, , , ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_gloop, keelforce, keelforce, keelforce, keelforce, keelforce, shootout, friction, shootout, backward, RGBA_lit, backward, shootout, backward, shootout, shootout, shootout, shootout, friction, shootout, forward, forward, reverse, forward, reverse, speed, speed, speed, speed, speed, speed, speed, speed, speed, spin, spin, wet, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, wet, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

cut_narcotic_fin = cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_splash, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_splash, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_splash, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_splash, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_spike, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_spike, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_spike, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_spike, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_core, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_core, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_core, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash_core, cs_fam5_water_splash_ped_out, cs_nar_fin_trevor_arm_drips, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_c, cs_nar_fin_trevor_arm_drips, cs_nar_fin_trevor_arm_drips, ptfx_multi_sheet_003_debris, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, ptfx_water_splashes_sheet_b, cs_nar_fin_trevor_arm_drips, cs_nar_fin_trevor_arm_drips, cs_nar_fin_trevor_splash, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, cs_fam5_pool_splash1, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, cs_fam5_pool_splash2, cs_fam5_pool_splash2, cs_fam5_pool_splash1, muz_pistol_glow_lit, cs_fam2_ped_splash1, cs_fam2_ped_splash2, muz_pistol_glow_lit, cs_fam2_ped_splash2, muz_pistol_glow_lit, muz_pistol_glow_lit, cs_fam2_ped_splash1, eject_pistol_smoke, eject_pistol_smoke, eject_pistol_smoke, cs_fam2_ped_splash, eject_pistol_smoke, cs_splash_ped_out, cs_splash_ped_out, cs_splash_ped_out, cs_splash_ped_out, muz_pistol_flare, muz_pistol_flare, muz_pistol_flare, cut_narcotic_fin, ptfx_water_spike, muz_pistol_flare, bul_dirt_debris, eject_pistol_3D, bul_dirt_debris, eject_pistol_3D, bul_dirt_debris, bul_dirt_debris, ptfx_muzzle_02, bul_dirt_plume, ptfx_muzzle_02, bul_dirt_plume, bul_dirt_plume, bul_dirt_plume, muz_smg_smoke, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, muz_smg_smoke, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, muz_smg_smoke, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, muz_smg_smoke, eject_pistol, eject_pistol, eject_pistol, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_gloop, ptfx_gloop, ptfx_gloop, muz_pistol, bul_dirt, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGB_lit, speed, speed, spine, spine, speed, spine, spine, speed, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

cut_narcotic_bike = cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_bits, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dots, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dots, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dust, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dust, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dots, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dots, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_bits, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dust, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_dust, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_bits, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy_bits, ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, cs_dst_impotent_rage_toy, ptfx_glass_dots_sheet, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, cut_narcotic_bike, RGBA_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

cut_humane_key = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, blood_entry_blood_squib, blood_entry_blood_squib, ptfx_model_pistol_shell, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_model_shell_ends, ptfx_model_shell_ends, blood_entry_blood_dir, blood_entry_blood_dir, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, ptfx_glow_impact_rgb, ptfx_muzzle_core_rgb, bul_carmetal_sparks, muz_pistol_glow_lit, bul_carmetal_impact, bul_carmetal_impact, bul_carmetal_sparks, bul_carmetal_sparks, muz_pistol_glow_lit, bul_carmetal_impact, muz_pistol_glow_lit, bul_carmetal_sparks, muz_pistol_glow_lit, bul_carmetal_impact, eject_pistol_smoke, eject_pistol_smoke, eject_pistol_smoke, eject_pistol_smoke, bul_carmetal_dust, ptfx_blood_squibs, bul_carmetal_dust, bul_carmetal_dust, bul_carmetal_dust, muz_pistol_flare, blood_entry_dust, blood_entry_dust, muz_pistol_flare, muz_pistol_flare, muz_pistol_flare, eject_pistol_3D, blood_spray_dir, bul_conc_debris, bul_conc_debris, blood_spray_dir, eject_pistol_3D, bul_conc_sparks, bul_conc_debris, bul_conc_debris, ptfx_water_jets, bul_conc_sparks, bul_conc_sparks, bul_conc_sparks, bul_conc_plume, ptfx_muzzle_02, ptfx_muzzle_02, cut_humane_key, bul_conc_plume, bul_conc_plume, bul_conc_plume, RGBA_lit_soft, muz_smg_smoke, muz_smg_smoke, muz_smg_smoke, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, muz_smg_smoke, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, bul_concrete, eject_pistol, eject_pistol, RGB_lit_soft, bul_carmetal, eject_pistol, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, blood_squib, blood_squib, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, blood_entry, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, muz_pistol, blood_dust, blood_dust, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGBA_lit, RGB_lit, RGB_lit, RGB_lit, angle, angle, angle, angle, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD

cut_humane_fin = ptfx_multi_sheet_002_debris, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, ptfx_model_multi_objects_02, exp_grd_plane_trails_smoke, exp_grd_plane_trails_smoke, exp_grd_plane_trails_fire, exp_grd_plane_trails_fire, exp_grd_plane_base_smoke, exp_grd_plane_base_smoke, _explosion_fireball_rgba, explosion_hot_debrissss, exp_grd_plane_core_rise, exp_grd_plane_core_rise, explosion_hot_debrissss, ptfx_model_metal_panel, explosion_trails_smoke, exp_hum_fin_heli_spawn, explosion_trails_smoke, exp_hum_fin_heli_spawn, ptfx_model_metal_panel, wheel_fric_hard_dusty, explosion_trails_fire, wheel_fric_hard_dusty, wheel_fric_hard_dusty, explosion_trails_fire, ptfx_smoke_new_plumes, wheel_fric_hard_dusty, exp_grd_plane_hot_deb, wheel_fric_hard_dusty, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, ptfx_smoke_wispy_anim, exp_grd_plane_hot_deb, exp_grd_plane_debris, exp_grd_plane_debris, exp_grd_plane_spears, exp_grd_plane_spears, ped_foot_dusty_curl, exp_hum_fin_heli_sp, ped_foot_dusty_curl, ped_foot_dusty_curl, ped_foot_dusty_curl, exp_grd_plane_spawn, exp_grd_plane_glow, exp_grd_glow_large, exp_grd_plane_core, ptfx_flat_glow_rgb, exp_grd_plane_core, exp_grd_plane_core, exp_grd_plane_core, exp_grd_base_smoke, exp_grd_base_smoke, exp_grd_plane_core, exp_grd_plane_glow, exp_grd_glow_large, ptfx_smoke_spikes, exp_hum_fin_heli, exp_grd_plane_sp, explosion_debris, explosion_debris, exp_grd_plane_sp, exp_grd_plane_sp, exp_grd_plane_sp, explosion_spears, exp_grd_plane_sp, explosion_spears, veh_exhaust_car, veh_exhaust_car, veh_exhaust_car, veh_exhaust_car, ptfx_embers_rgb, veh_exhaust_car, cut_humane_fin, ped_foot_dusty, ptfx_fire_tail, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, exp_grd_plane, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGBA_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, RGB_lit_soft, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, groundspeed, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, ptfx_sprite, groundspeed, ptfx_sprite, RGB_soft, throttle, RGBA_lit, throttle, radius, radius, damage, radius, radius, radius, damage, radius, speed, speed, speed, speed, size, temp, size, temp, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD, LOD


To Be Continued...

-TheRouletteBoi & CamxxCore

https://pastebin.com/N9unUFWY
